The following is an interview with the author of the Immaculate Constellation report that was submitted into congressional record. Is it ironic you have to put your face out with us to protect yourself at that at this point? That's what we're doing, right? Yeah, that's what we're doing. This is absolutely what I uh did not want to do. You've worked in secret programs. You've got clearances. You've made oaths that you would keep secrets. Um, let's talk about secrecy and the UAP topic. Shouldn't it be secret to some degree? I mean, we have uh there's a race for the technology to try to understand it. We have adversary nations who'd love to get it ahead of us. Why not keep this stuff secret? Well, if it was just technology that we are worried about protecting and maintaining a military advantage, uh, you know, there's strong arguments to be made and have successfully been made for decades in this country that the American leadership and American people seem to be finding acceptable to be left in the dark about, you know, where science, technology, and their military is taking them. This isn't just technology. This isn't something somebody came up with in a lab and it's sensitive because once the cats have the bag, anybody can do it. Fundamentally, this comes from and is secondary to the what we've been told is the biggest question which is is humanity alone? The answer is no. Uh and the secrecy that has been defended uh is at the cost of in my mind human dignity, freedom and progress. And it is no longer permissible or acceptable in my mind to uh to continue this course to deprive another generation of not just Americans but humanity of their birthright to know who they are, where they came from, and what's with us. Could you give us a general description of the size of the secrecy apparatus? You know, we're going to drill down into this, of course, about incon um in one particular uh facet of the secrecy that you came across and other parts of it, but how big of a secrecy apparatus is it? How many stove pipes are there? How many people are involved in different ways of keeping this secret, confusing the public, lying to Congress, lying to the world? Simply put, it's a parallel reality. Um the secrecy apparatus uh is all pervasive. It is not just in the intelligence community governing their world. It's not just in the military protecting their operations. It's not protecting diplomats and leaders as they conduct their work sometimes in very dangerous places. It has been allowed to corrupt and infest every aspect of our society uh to serve the interests and whims of a very elite select few. And it's been used to intimidate, threaten, destroy the lives of people like yourselves who have been doing their job, keeping their oaths, trying to protect their country, being true to humanity and and have paid prices for it. Absolutely. This has been um a difficult process for you um for me and you, you know, kind of going through this. I I've seen what you've gone through personally with this. Um you're taking a a personal hit, like a a painful risk just talking to us, just doing this finally after all this time. I think I understand why you're explaining something philosophical what you believe about the secrecy just personally like what what is the step for you to do this like why I I I need to understand why why are you telling this to everybody now now there's no short answer it's something you know I I have many uh not even competing but parallel motivations but why now uh look out at the world. Look inside our country. We are not headed to a good future. You're concerned. I am. Explain the concern. Uh ultimately my biggest fear is what humanity will do to itself out of fear and greed and what we have done. And we have built a prison around ourselves. It's invisible but it's not complete. And there is still time to maybe alter our trajectory. have a different future. May not be the best one that we had hoped for, but it's going to be damn side better than what they have planned for us. You know, there's no going back after you tell us this on camera. We had this conversation. There's this is it. This is the line in the sand. You're about to cross over here. Absolutely. I am uh on a personal level giving up the future that I made for myself and was going to try to make for a family. Um, I'm proud of what I accomplished in my time in government and it's painful to leave the good people there and to know that uh there really isn't room for people to act according to their conscience and our constitutional ideals on the inside. Is it your belief based on materials, things that you've been exposed to, that you've seen, people you've talked to and communicated with over a period of a couple of years? Is it your belief that this the technology, the race for the technology, the understanding of the big secret is entirely in the hands of people outside the government and not for the benefit of the public or to protect American national security? It's it's in some other realm, in some other hands. I think it's a mix. Um you know I think our military you know has a long historic involvement in this. So does our intelligence community and our scientific academic community. We have as a country allowed ourselves to be penetrated, co-opted and corrupted by an internationalist force that serves their interests and views nations, peoples as as tools and means to an end. like a business cabal international corporations that have no loyalty to any nation, let alone this one. That's a large part of it. I think uh we go have to go above that too to start to explain that the degree of the level of deception and the level of commitment they've had to maintaining that deception. It's above just monetary gain and power. They're afraid. George and I have talked about whistleblowers that come to us and we protect them. We don't often report on when people come to us. Um we're doing this now. You know what are the repercussions? What people talk about whistlers being afraid and there's one set of being afraid which is uh when you're squeezed by outside entities you know that are [ __ ] with you which has happened to you and we'll talk about that. But what are the just the legal implications of what you're about to talk to us today? Tell me the gravity right now. What are you facing? Well, I want our audience to understand what it means for you to talk to us right now. What could happen to you? My uh hope is that the stakes are uh not paid out. Um but they are life imprisonment and the possibility of execution. And you've tried all the right ways. I've helped you on some of it. We've tried You have tried all the right way right ways to do this. But you have something much bigger that that is pushing on you that you have to take this next step forward. And so now I I just want people to understand where you're coming from. When we say we protect whistlebl. Yeah. Let's do uh chronological. So you got a degree in what? Uh so I got a degree in international affairs, came out to DC, started working in a small think tank. Uh from there I uh applied to and was accepted to a intelligence agency. Ended up taking a job uh at the at the Pentagon. Um basically waiting for the right opportunity for that world to to pop up. Um, what was which when it did uh I you know was having too much fun so I said no. You're in the Pentagon weapons of mass destruction as a general umbrella under which you're you're working. Did you got a security clearance at that point? Yeah, I had been cleared by DIA for a top secret uh SEI clearance. You get to see, I guess, firsthand all this different information that comes in from all over these places, different platforms, right? You're exposed to that and you get an idea of just how big that apparatus is. Yes. Yes. Absolutely. Um, UFOs and aliens aside, it's a it it's a different world without anything exotic in it when you are exposed and to that information and learning over time, not just from the intelligence, but the experiences of the people around you cuz uh not everything that's true and has happened in the world is written down on paper. I mean, you're given a lot of roles and responsibilities. It gives you access to very sensitive information. When you said SCI, that's secret compartmentalized information is the acronym. sensitive compartmentalized information. I always Yeah, it's probably right. So, you'd know better than I mean, but I'm just saying, you know, you are a a sane human being. You're given a lot of these responsibilities. Um, you know, you I I just think it's important for people to understand. So, you have access to very critical information through the United States government. They're separate from the UFOs and the alien, you know, topic that we're going to talk about for the world. For the world, for the US and the world. Yes. And and that weighs heavy on you, I'm sure. like you're you're really looking to defend the United States of America where you live and you are looking at information that is just highly sensitive. I think it's important for people to know good people like you doing great jobs in there. You had access and responsibilities. People trust you and that that's you can't get there without that. It is um yeah it's a very uh burdensome uh role. I I feel deeply for the people who have been there for many years. Um there's a lot of hidden suffering that comes from it, but it is a you know I I thought it was a noble and good mission. I still do. And risks I I imagine there's all kinds of information that comes across your desk and that desk of other people you're working with at that point about weapons of mass destruction. The movement of nuclear weapons or suddenly material that disappears and where did it go? Black market. um uh biological weapons research, things that are going on around the world that we need to keep an eye on, right? And things that never make the news. Uh you're absolutely right. Yeah. There there is uh like I said, there is a whole many there's many worlds. There's many shells to our reality that the public, including our professional media class, our professional academic class, our political class, has absolutely no idea exists. And if they do have an idea, they have a very distorted one, sometimes intentionally. So, I mean, you're not like um some secret agent. You're not like some secret agent. So, like so people understand when you're working in at the Pentagon is where we're at in the thing. I mean, this is we have a lot of great people that are bright-minded working on these problems for the United States, keeping the United States safe, looking at geopolitical aspects of nuclear weaponry, that kind of thing. But just to be clear, I mean, you're not like some secret agent with more access than anybody else or anything like that. No, I uh never uh wanted to be a field officer. I danced with the idea in in my dreams maybe and read the books, but uh I knew that wasn't for me. Um, especially the the the task and the cost of befriending and manipulating and ultimately using people. Um, I don't think I would have been very good at that. Like human human intelligence and false friendship. Exactly. Does that stuff come across your desk? Human intelligence signals intelligence regarding weapons and mass sources. All sources intelligent. All sources of intelligence. Um, and then if there are questions, go ask them and usually get the answers. And the kinds of things that you see that come across your desk, does it give you pause? How am I going to sleep tonight knowing that this XYZ is going on somewhere? Um, at times when they think, "Holy crap, how did this happen?" Everyone has like their different standard of what's going to, you know, shake them like that. And I've definitely had a few of those. Um, I won't share them, but Yeah. But I mean, just with security, very national security kind of stuff, right? stuff unrelated to exotic things that are very gorgeous world out there. Okay. You're there for a while. You do that for how many years? Oh, see, I was in there a little over four years, but I was in the Pentagon a little over five cuz I moved uh out of there briefly into uh the under secretary of defense for intelligence and a smaller office in there. We've heard of that office. We have heard of that office. Um what um was it a different sort of work or the same thing just for a different ball? Same field. uh different work, different boss, different community. So, you're working for a contractor, but you're working at the Pentagon on Pentagon business. And that's sort of a model that is used for all kinds of programs, right? Yeah. Um that's that's the industry in DC. You have to have a buffer of some sort. Why Why is it Why is that necessary? Well, you have government management and they're supposed to be the ones that, you know, they sign the checks, make the final decisions, but yet most of the staff is contractors, military people on detail, people on fellowships from, you know, either think tanks or universities. Um, so you get to be familiar with stove pipes and how, you know, you could be working on this and the guy may be in the office next to you or the desk next to you is working on something else and you don't know what they're working on. Yeah. Yeah, I mean that it can be that way. Uh my experience was more that we had a team. It was all more or less on the same information level, but then there'd be other teams that yeah, they have their own. So, it's not quite uh as isolated. I've heard from others it can be just, you know, it's you and no one else around you knows what you're doing. Um you got a company, it's a contractor that's working there in the Pentagon. How much oversight is there from the actual Pentagon, the military of a contractor's work? Well, I mean the day-to-day is overseen by the government. Um, so in that sense it's it's there. And is that generally true for all the contractor programs that we'll be getting into later that somebody in the military or IC is is looking at what that contractor does? No, I couldn't say. Right. Yeah. I could not say. We got the one degree and then you you went on to try to get a master's. Yeah. I uh went to George Washington University Masters of Security Policy Study. uh got to the point where I had a thesis to submit uh and then I started working at the Pentagon, took a break and uh kind of got caught up in the churn as the term is. Right. I'm curious about just what it's like to work at the Pentagon. I mean to think you're driving to work there. It is the heart and soul of the national security of our country. Uh you're doing important work, weapons of mass destruction in the biggest office building in the world. Uh I would think there'd be a lot of satisfaction in that, but I wonder what daytoday is like. Are you under surveillance? Do you have to do polygraphs? Can you tell your wife what you're doing? Do you uh socialize with colleagues or do you have to worry about what you say to whom and where? Yeah. So, I mean, starting with the first part, um I think for me at least, yeah, it was what I I finally made it, right? I'm at I'm working at the Pentagon. Uh I It's cheesy, but I felt pride pretty much every single day that I rolled in there. That's not cheesy. That's awesome. And uh it was I was very fortunate to join a uh an office that cared a lot about their people, not just um their performance at work, but uh their their goals, their desires, and how they were getting on uh with life in general. Um fewer places are like that. Um but I look back on that time with a lot of with a lot of happiness. How do things begin to sour? Is it because of this topic that we're going to discuss? Yes. Let's take it from there. When when does that start? What what's your first exposure? I mean, were you like a UFO guy like before? I mean, like there's something that happened and there there was an instigator, right? But it's like um you know, were you like a UFO guy all your years back or to some degree? I've always been interested in aliens and UFOs, uh secret histories, the things that are hidden from us. It's been a lifelong kind of passion. It's not always aliens, you know. It's while I was always interested in these things, they were never they were only a realm of possible. And when I looked at UFOs in a serious way as I was more uh in my like college years, you I got just not exposure but uh you know started learning about the sort of ecosystem of secrecy uh in the military-industrial complex. uh what saps are, what caps are, and you you you start to realize like, oh yeah, there there's a good chance a lot of what these UFO things are are some really cool stuff that we have. Uh whether it's in the air, under the water, or uh right in front of you. You're not getting a job at the Pentagon because you want to get access to the UFO scenes. No, no. When I joined, I thought uh you know, I'd pretty much locked down that you know, there might be life out there, but most I think most what we're seeing in the skies at that time I thought was either ours or uh ally or adversary. You don't go over the deep end. You're not going to muon conferences. Uh you're not wearing a beanie and alien stuff on your head. No, no. In fact, uh you know, I would be looked at like I had a third eye just by suggesting they were stealth satellites. I mean, in fact, like you've never been to like a UFO conference or anything like that, have you? No. No. Right. That's not your style. No. You're a very analytically minded person. That's something I've I've learned. Um I bet you're [ __ ] really good at your job because just the way our communications, the way you deep dive into research. That's a talent to be able to pull a lot big source information, all source information, and kind of come to conclusions. You that you that is one of your skill sets. Yeah, absolutely. Um, did you ever work 9 to5 because you're kind of a workaholic, right? I mean, you go over the top. Yeah. Yeah. Um, you know, I really liked the Pentagon. I learned an immense amount there and I would stay there till the wee hours of the morning. Um, learning, which is also how you found out information about the topic topic we're going to discuss. I delved too deeply. And you came across this sort of accident. 100% accidentally. Uh well sorry the immaculate constellation piece of this 100% accidentally um before I was exposed to that you know I had seen UAP on military videos in the Pentagon um but nothing that suggested you know origin uh intent uh or in the level of detail that you know I came to find later you know how so explain that to the average like how do you just come across UFO videos in the Pentagon. What does that mean? What? Tell somebody who has no idea how that happens. So, you have a clearance and there's a secret internet and on that secret internet there's just a generic access like you and I. Uh, it's all very secret sensitive stuff, but more or less everyone can look at what's on there. Then you know you have on this secret internet uh some compartmentation light compartmentation uh as it were and then there's entirely different systems for truly truly uh sensitive stuff. But the point is is that there is uh essentially you know a shared a shared community of knowledge uh and it goes back you know just like our own internet it goes back uh over decades. If you have a top secret clearance, you go on JWix, you can pretty much go and see whatever is on there except for special compartmentalized stuff. Yeah, pretty much. Or things that you know are just uh people protect their business processes. So, who would be putting UFO type or UAP videos on on there? How does that happen? How do they end up there? uh service members and intelligence officers uh who for one reason or another uh decided to put that footage there. What's the first UFO video you see? What did you think of it? Military film footage of a UFO. What What did you uh what was that like? Well, technically the first true like military footage was that I saw uh was that Tic Tac video and the Go Fast video and um I think there is one other else uh the gimbal video that all came out in 2017. Um granted I didn't see those on military systems but just being uh precise here. Yeah. Um, and so things that I saw after that kind of looked like all that but just uh much more duration. Uh, the videos, you know, it's the internet uh whether it's secret or not. There's compression, there's upload and file sizes. So, some things are crystal clear, but it's only 15 seconds. Um, some things you can see 45 minutes of something moving around, but it's kind of blurry cuz that's a lot of data. So, you seem crystal clear at times. um videos of what appear to be, would you say, um non-human intelligence made craft? I mean, what you see evidence that the the rest of the world doesn't get to see. That starts happening. Yeah. Um nothing in those videos necessarily proves it's extraterrestrial or nonhuman. It certainly is anomalous, exotic, and unexplainable and advanced. Yes. Beyond our capabilities that you know of. I don't know. Mhm. Some of it might have might have been with within our capabilities to replicate even in an inferior manner but quite a lot of it um you know it's either something else or uh we live in a world where we have been left behind. 2017 these stories come out, New York Times and other media, the videos become known that sparks your curiosity and you start looking around for that kind of stuff or it would just come across your desk and a uh in front of your eyes naturally. Yeah. So, not looking for that stuff. Did you have access to live feeds? Yes. So, live feeds real time, you could go into like a Reaper drone and see if there's something going on. just I mean not that you're specifically looking for UFOs, but you had access even to live feeds. Yeah. Um you know, not anything special, no special access, but you know, you you know where those resources are. You can go look at them and I did. Um I want to go back to this. You said with these nuclear facilities, nuclear weapons, nuclear labs, nuclear power plants that within a year or two like are you saying all of them get visited or there some strange phenomena? I can't say that they all do, but I would I would suspect that, you know, anything that is uh sufficiently nuclear uh will draw attention at some point and will be uh they will be encountering this. And what are they? What what are you seeing? What what kinds of things are you seeing? So, I mean, nothing too dramatic when it comes to like these facilities. A lot of times it's it's of uh you know, it's hard to always judge the size, but I'd be surprised if it's bigger than a Cessna, probably something somewhere in between. Um whether it's white or silverish or if you're looking through different sensor apparati, uh it'll, you know, look like whatever hot or cold is. Uh um but usually orbs around these facilities. sometimes things that look a bit more irregular. Mhm. Um but the vast majority being orbs. I mean the world's been exposed to some of this. There's been a clarification to the general public about what are you seeing when you're seeing infrared or fleer. It takes some translation. There are people that focus on that and like they can read that. But basically um you're looking at things that don't have flight control surfaces that don't have traditional propulsion. they seem to tag them on which we've heard forever with nuclear events and that kind of thing, nuclear structure. Um, but you you you see a lot of these you start getting exposed to them. I mean, just to begin, doesn't that does that start or doesn't that start to kind of um feed that curiosity in you? You just all of a sudden the average person, but you're now seeing stuff that you can't Yeah. You have to be a special kind of boring to not be interested after sort of those dates. is shocking especially knowing the context of what you're looking at right which you get when you have those systems that can look at that 100% what's the context like like big picture like what's what's the context yeah and in this in this way it you seeing images is there discussion is there text that comes along with this hey we we saw this thing what the hell is it it's not us surprisingly little of that I think um the community kind of knows or knew we don't talk about this it's there. Um, you know, that changed uh some years ago, but it's since been, I think, uh, shut down again in terms of like, you know, community participation and solving the problem. So, people within the intelligence community know, you don't talk about this out loud. You don't say the quiet part out loud. You post stuff. You kind of get then you get an era of discussion when this starts coming forward. 2017 New York Times story. But then you're you're explaining that there's been a kind of clampdown on that dialogue and discussion. I've heard that from a lot of people on the inside. You witnessed that too. Uh yes, absolutely. Both firsthand and from you know hearing from friends and connections. I guess uh uh the screws were tightened and um certain agencies you're not allowed to me mention certain whistleblowers names or you'll be fired immediately. So there's no announcement on the PA system. There's no uh leaflets left in the cafeteria. No memo put out that says don't talk about this stuff. But you know Yeah. Yeah. Um you you pick up on that vibe real quick. When you say there's certain whistleblowers names you can't mention. This brings me back to a friend of ours went when George was doing his news report on Bob Lazar. First time it was going to air. He just said when he was up at Area 52. He just said, "Hey, you should pay attention to the news." His career was over. He got pulled into a room the next day. I would call him a friend of ours. Um I interviewed him about it. I mean that was done. He just mentioned that to to watch George's news report. Again, we're not equating Bob Lazar to to to anything. What we're just saying that happened. So, what do you mean? If you mention certain whistlers who who David Grush, you can't mention David Grush in certain professional settings or you are [ __ ] Yeah. If you're not fired, you are uh in for a very rough time is my understanding. Alzando. You know, I didn't hear Alzando as a no-go word. saying David look David Gush testified in con open congress so that makes sense so you what have you seen it happen have you seen people like mention his name how do you become aware you can't even talk about him so that specific uh example uh heard from a friend at that agency that was essentially the uh word of mouth from management nothing written in paper nothing in emails but from what it sounds like uh people got a conversation with their leadership and we're told as much as we've just gone over. Um, and his name was absolutely the firstand experience sort of radioactive in the chat rooms. It would either all of a sudden these people that um never participate are there really slamming him and slamming the people talking about him on the classified internet. Indeed, our space is one we've talked about a bunch, but these these where people had open dialogue, it just got to clamp down and his name was part of that. That's what you meant when you said certain people are radioactive. You can't mention their names, right? Okay. Kundas and Yeah. No, we're nuclear. He's radioactive with different designation. Yeah. So, you're seeing these videos and some limited discussion. You can't really openly talk about it, but you're curious. You're you're kind of hooked on the topic. Yeah. And and to be clear, uh uh 2018 when this first exposure happened and for about a few years after, it was more it did at least feel more open. Looking back on it, this was probably a counter intelligence prerogative at the time. Um, but it was allowed to exist. The discussion was allowed to exist and it felt more like, you know, people were excited to finally actually be able to talk about this and finally be able to try to compare notes, figure it out. Well, that's when the UAP task force was created. They didn't call it that, but it was up and running and they were trying to make in treaties out to the intelligence community and DoD. Hey, they wanted input from and and partners on Yeah. So, I I saw that emerge and I saw it die. I saw it die. Mhm. And when you say exposure, we're going to get into this, but you mean it technically it's called spillage. It's when you see something that is of a compartmentalized or nature that you are not specifically cleared to see and you were exposed to something and it was like, holy [ __ ] what is this? And the first thoughts of that I'm interested in. So if we're at that point, yeah, okay, so let's talk about that. Look, the whole world knows about imconulate constellation. We're saying that word out loud. Mhm. Um, at one time that was very dangerous to say out loud, to write, to text. We should talk about that. But before, this is your gateway. This is the the entrance point. What happened? How did it happen? What did you see? What did you think? Yeah. So, the first exposure uh or the exposure to Macly constellation uh happened on a shared server that was shared by all the offices in OSD. Um what I was doing through at what I was doing at the time was opening files that were clearly misfiled and either sorting them to our offic's uh you know part of that uh server or putting them in their own box to be sorted by other responsib um you come across a file that really is what leads us to being here today. It's uh this it's the Shriber file. Yeah. So, it was labeled um 2018 Shrivever war game. Might have been brief or something else, but that's it. Um there's nothing about that that screams, you know, it's a very interesting thing. In fact, usually a lot of war game briefs are pretty boring. Um so, there's nothing that stood out about it. Accidental exposure for you? 100%. You you go into it and what do you see? Uh there's a just a generic title slide. There's a banner without classification markings that just says Immaculate Constellation and it has a a placeholder slide that shows like the Shrivever war or Shrivever air base logo and the some logos of the units involved. Um but at that time I believe it would have still been like Air Force Space Command adjacent. Uh so still nothing particularly uh stunning. I think the name at the top probably just the name of the exercise. Um, so the next slide though is where it gets interesting. Uh, cuz the face of Lu Alzando is on that next slide and that was not who I was expecting to see and it was accompanied by text. Um, to summarize uh, please have some grace with me. It's been 7 years. But it was saying that Immaculate Constellation is an unagnowledged special access program uh established after the exposure of ATIP in 2017 by former USDI officer Luellando. Uh and you know that that's the gist of that first slide. And so I'm looking at that and you know nothing particularly uh convincing that that's alien related or what the sap is or what it's doing. Um so I don't know what to make of this. So I read the whole thing and uh yeah it got very interesting very quick. So it's designated a sap. You know this is a sap. It's sitting on a server maybe it shouldn't be on. Correct. Right. So I think that's important. And also it seems like it's just a response to the the public spillage or exposure that that we saw come forward with people like and specifically Lou Alzando. This was like an internal classified response to the fact, oh [ __ ] some of this is out now. Yeah, that's exactly the tone um uh of those words of that slide. That's the implied uh order of events that led to being established. It was like 2018 maybe. Yeah, the the file was at least last accessed in 2018. Um I can't remember if it did say, you know, the file creation date or if I looked it up, but I know it was last accessed. Can you see who's accessed it prior to you? I can. And and what did you see? So, everyone says that I'm wrong. It's impossible, but the name I recall and recalled at the time thinking, "Oh, that's odd." Was name redacted. And did you know who that was? Vaguely. uh at that time I you know people are considered superstars in leadership circles so you just hear names like that and that's what her name was. Why would that be impossible? Why are people now in retros why are people telling you that would be impossible? Oh she wasn't at the Pentagon then. Mhm. Where was she? She was at the Pentagon to my knowledge but they're saying she wasn't there. Right. Interesting. So all right so Shrivever War Games you keep reading there's a a big slide with Lou Alzando's face on it. What comes next? I mean, you get a sense that I shouldn't be able to read this here. No, not yet, actually. Um, to be clear, at that point in time, I had no formal training in what saps were. There was no sap marking on this, just a name, immaculate constellation. Um, the the opening slide, you know, just we would call it improperly labeled, um, improperly classified. What was it? What what did it show? So the the next slide, the third slide about uh just jumps straight into the the mission of this app and showing what uh apparently the results of that mission are. And it's um a a collection incident in the Pacific Ocean. Uh the subject of collection is uh several Russian naval intelligence vessels in the middle of the ocean at night. And above those vessels is a large black triangle uh floating in the air. This is a still image but it is a color. Okay. So that's the first kind of event. But what was the mission? What was the mission? That's what people want to know is what was the mission of Immaculate Constellation as described in the product. So in the product itself, you had to piece together the mission um by reading the whole thing and kind of putting together the parts. uh you know it never spelled out fully like as it should uh the mission of the SAP and I assume that's because this is a type of brief where there will be inserts to the deck which would be inserted by the SAP control officer during the briefing that would provide another level of detail. Uh but based on the information included in there and its description um the mission becomes apparent and that is a bare minimum. It's the, you know, uh, intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance, uh, mission of glo of a global nature for UAPs and, uh, RVs, ARVs. The hesitation there is, uh, some time has passed. Uh, one of those acronyms is in there, either RV or ARV, and that is uh, how the triangle in this case was labeled. It's been seven years. So, as you're reading through this and and that you you're remembering RV or ARB just for our audience. So RV is you know um reverse reproduction reproduction vehicle and then ARV would mean alien you know reproduction you know we see uh you know yeah people in the literature say alien reproduction vehicle it could just be anomalous advanced or advanced it could be anything that can go after a you so you don't know what that is but I don't this is a pretty interesting uh image here it is and then the text that accompanies it describes the incident and what what can you tell Yeah, the summary of that is just the how how it unfolded. Um I should I should actually back up and say the image itself was unique. Uh this isn't by a plane or a satellite. Uh it it looks to be a image pretty close to the waterline. Uh so something that to me read is we have a clandestine submersible asset close by this fleet and it's taking pictures uh trying to stay unnoticed. Um and so yes, in the description it it basically lays out what what occurred that night. Uh which was that the the our collection assets were there in area monitoring Russian naval vessels. Uh not sure what they're doing there. Um but they've been hanging out in the middle of the ocean in this place apparently for a few days. Keep an eye on him. This night uh while they are observing the Russian vessels, a large black triangle materializes or decloaks or something. The point is is it did not move. It appeared above the directly above these ships probably no more than 200 m. Pretty close. And interestingly, as noted in the report itself, there was no visible reaction from these vessels from what would almost certainly be considered a hostile approach. What do what do you u what do you take away from that? They didn't notice it or they're not upset about it or they don't know what to do with it or or what? So the implication also in the text describing it was uh or sorry I should say the analysis in the text was that the Russian Navy uh had fornowledge that this vehicle would appear in that area of the ocean and they were there specifically to either collect on it themselves or to interact with it in some way. any indication that it might be theirs, that they knew it's going to be there because they control it? Not in that document. Um, and I haven't seen anything to make me think uh that they controlled that particular craft, but didn't see anything to the contrary either. I guess it could be that they've seen it before that there's nothing they can do about it, so don't get excited about it. Might be. Although, it is interesting, you know, if it's something that's part of their environment as it were. Why are they making an effort to be in this space at this time to collect on something they already know about? Is it like in the middle of nowhere? Yeah, it's off the coast of Campka is as I recall um in the Pacific Ocean. That's what struck me. I mean, my mind goes to the idea that they were kind of camped out, you know, deep uh kind of ocean in this one specific area durationally. Um, it kind of implies to me, if I'm thinking outside the box here, there's some form of um, comms or communication with whoever the operators are of this craft. Am I going too far with that idea or I think it's a reasonable one to have. Um, but it's not one that I can like validate. Yeah, let's be clear. You were exposed to something. We're just touching the basics here. We're we're we're theorizing. We're talking about a bunch of stuff we don't know. But the descriptions that you were exposed to kind of give you a little insight that we can at least look at some of those assumptions. Right. Right. Absolutely. And I'm sure there's a literature out there that can help narrow down. Mhm. So, immaculate constellation. You've never heard this uh uh term before. Um and it doesn't give you the full picture there, but what other additional information did it give about what this was and how it operates? just described the events and that analysis of the event of the Russians having foreign knowledge to be there um and describing how the event occurred as I just went over. So this is a page turner. So you you know you interested. You're curious now. Absolutely. What do you do next? What do you go to the next page and it was disappointing cuz we get into a couple slides of orbs and I had already seen orbs at this point in official setting. So the next pages show orbs from different parts of the world. Mhm. It looks like the pattern is that there's that under this immaculate constellation they're gathering UAP images from all over the planet. Absolutely. I mean that's the core of it, right? Um is the idea that we uh collect data on these UAP and someone needs to bring them coalate them together to provide intel to who needs it. And we're assuming or not assuming it's been pretty laid out that Macket constellation was a a a kind of place to bring everything together to provide those briefings to senior leadership. Is that correct? I don't know about to provide briefings but definitely to to uh collect data from the military intelligence enterprise specifically and the sensors associated with that and yes to to collect that data centralize it and have it there for presumably both analysis and you know operational needs. Mhm. The Shriber War Games document with the images 12 pages 15 pages somewhere in there. Yeah. Yeah. 12 to 15, but probably more like Yeah. 12. And is that the only document you ever saw where the term immaculate constellation was used until I wrote one? Yeah. And we'll get into that. But instead of like go through p people be so curious. So what comes on the fourth page? Talk us through the pages. Just go ahead. On the next episode of Weaponized, when I was in USDI, I read the transcripts of Sean Kpatrick uh briefing Senator Rubio, Senator Warren, and Senator Gillibrand on the results of his investigation in his congressionally tasked Arrow report. You know, I read these transcripts once uh and immediately knew that [Music] uh yeah, veiled threat. No, I I knew that I was now something else. I was in I had inside knowledge into the deception of our government by elements of our intelligence community. My blood ran cold at a specific point in that transcript where Mr. Rubio is discussing uh the legacy program. This was a subject of direct discussion with Sean Kurpatre in these meetings. And based on Mr. Patrick's replies about uh as vague as they were uh but unable to escape the truth of the legacy program. Mr. Rubio's response was, "Well, what the hell is the executive branch doing? Have they been running this for 60 years without congressional oversight?" The process of Grush coming forward left awake on the inside, too. Uh people were tracking that, weren't even involved, but were able to see sort of the distortions on the inside. Distortions of truth. Exactly. and but also you know bureaucracies and offices behaving weirdly. Um that was one of the moments that really uh started to convince me that this was this was not um under under our government's control. 

Ah, people will be so curious. So, what comes on the fourth page? Talk us through the pages. Just go ahead. Yeah. So I I mean uh like I said the the second series second and third examples were uh um less interesting to me but you know uh they are uh images of orbs transiting from uh coastal facilities out to the ocean and sort of describing you know what those facilities were. uh as I think the unspoken implication of why something like this would be out there. Um and yes, just a similar over just just a v uh not vague but a general description of we observed this coming from this direction or from where this facility sensitive facility was left over the ocean. Um you know this was our task asset and it happened on this date. anything um really striking in the rest of that document that really uh highlighted to you? Anything else in that document is really striking? Yeah, so the the last example of the four uh was back to Russia again. Uh this time I believe in the Atlantic Ocean. Um and it shows a another Russian intelligence vessel uh underway this time at night. The image is uh green infrared. Um and uh it shows above this Russian vessel a another black triangle but whereas uh the the first example in the Pacific was you know an equilateral large pretty stunning object that was of comparable size to the vessels below it. This was a more definitely smaller. It was smaller than the vessel and it was more uh angular uh in shape and sort of swept back and it it was uh also accompanied by text saying that there was no indication that the Russian vessel was responding in any way to this ship hovering above it. Uh in this it did not describe in this instance whether it had miraculously appeared or if it was tailing the ship but triangular in shape and hovering. Well, hovering probably matching speed though too with the ship um like USS um Russell other people argue and I don't care what shape it is you know when you have something with rangefinders off of a ship that goes with it stops with the ship continues so this is not a new thing this idea of triangular by angle of observation pyramid in shape some would say could be you're right so that's striking and you and you saw that too yes yeah and that was the last example after that was sort of a summary slide or to about just recapping like the fact that these incidents are we are collecting sorry we are collecting these incidents around the world uh that we are focused on UAP RB collection incidents uh by tasked and untalis of those uh data data streams so sometimes we know where it's going to be tasked assets sometimes we just happen to capture unt correct correct and I think a good example is in that brief itself where the orb incidents appeared to be untites. They were not there to collect on orbs. They were there to collect on something else and they happened to catch something. Uh whereas the the two Russian incidents, we were there uh we were there to watch the Russians and the Russians interactions with this technology. Wow. So your suspicions after seeing this 12page report is that some are these are freeze frames of what are videos? Yeah, videos. So somewhere there's a bigger collection of this stuff that's also very interesting. Absolutely. Yeah. Um like uh you know there was informal collections of this stuff by interested people on on those systems and there's absolutely uh you know professional uh mission task databases for this. Okay. So you you've seen now you've had this exposure. Uh you try to do the right thing and you take great steps to try to do it. It takes a little while for you. It does. So So explain that to me. What you tried to do? So there you go. You see something that you know shouldn't be there on that archive. You know what happens? What do you do? Absolutely nothing. Um in fact, the first time I read that, I don't know what I just read and if it's even real. Um maybe somebody just made this thing. Okay. explain that so you can it would be like a joke or something or they put it together literally for a war game, right? Um they had maybe created an imaginary program that maybe they wanted to have, right? Uh or a a desired capability or something that was uh representative of the truthing uh to be used in Is that normal or common though? That's a weird thought. It is a weird thought, but this is what's going through my head because it's so bizarre. Okay. And um you're like, "No way." Yeah. I'm going through everything, all the options why it's not what it is, right? Yeah. Uh and so I do nothing um for some time. And then we uh our office gets a training on like or refresh training, but this was new in my career, so my first time on what to do in cases of spillage for sap material. Okay. And I realized, well, no matter how weird this is, this has all the hallmarks of what you guys just said is a big [ __ ] deal. So, you know, I can either pretend like I didn't open and read this thing 80 times and hope that uh it doesn't notice that either or I can report it myself. Uh so I did that or I tried to do that. You tried to report it. You read it a bunch. It's fascinating and then you you try to report it. So what does that look like when you try to report that? What' you do? So the first time uh I I went uh just quietly to uh my I guess my immediate supervisor, a retired uh army colonel. So you go to your uh supervisor superior. Mhm. What I got to say, hey, I got to show you something in in our in our closet. Uh our whole office is a skiff, but inside the skiff is another tiny skiff. Um and you I think we we have like a spillage thing. And so I need to show it to you cuz this is apparently what we're supposed to do. Show it to your boss. Um, and then follow the reporting chain and you sign you sign a paper and that's how it's supposed to be handled all by the books and they just trained you on it and you're like, "Okay, here's what I'm supposed to do." Right. Exactly. So, I try to follow that while also being, you know, quiet about it. Um, take him in and he's like, "Okay, so so show me what you found." I pull up that slide and uh, you know, the first the first slide just because it's so generic gets no reaction. But then going to like maybe the second slide or or even the third slide, he's just like, "Okay, stop." like, "Stop. Did you read this?" And I don't answer, but I just look him in the eye and I look at the screen and I'm like, "Of course I read this." That's how you know it exists. And he definitely picked up on that and he uh the conversation ended with him saying, "Delete it." And he left the room and we never spoke of it again. He's cutting you some slack there in essence without me knowing. Yes. Yeah. You didn't read it. Uh so you're not in any trouble. That's ended here. Delete it. And also, as I came to learn, um, you know, it certain material, uh, you get exposed to and it's you're kind of marked for life that that happened and, uh, it's probably not good for your career at a minimum. We've seen other whistleblower friends of ours have, uh, experiences like that. They're marked. Yeah. Yeah. Didn't realize that at the time. So, that happened. Uh, I sit on that for a few days. Didn't sit right with me cuz I'm still thinking like, well, that's not what we're supposed to do. I could do that, but everything supposedly everything we do on those systems, every click, every keystroke is monitored. So, like I just I need to self-preservation. I need to do keep doing the right thing here. So, I go to his boss or his boss's boss. I I change my approach. I don't say what it is. I don't show it to them. Um I don't print it out. And I just say, "Uh, ma'am, uh we have a a spillage incident. I believe it's SAP material. um could you please provide guidance on on how to handle this? And so uh through that uh I was connected to uh our our parent offices uh special access special access program control officer. Mhm. Um had a meeting set up to go meet with them a few days later. That happened. Uh I go to that meeting uh uh in a SAPF uh so where this material is supposed to be stored and handled. And this person says, "Okay, show me the material." So, uh, I sit down. Round two. Right. Exactly. You're showing the material. I sit down. I I pull it up. It's like, it's right there at the top of the shared server. So, I'm not like It's It's almost instant. Like, it's right there. I pull it up. I start scrolling through it from the bottom. I get no reaction. Then he says, "Okay, let me look at it." He takes my chair. He goes through. He scrolls through it. No reaction on his face. I'm watching him very closely at this point cuz I'm exceptionally curious about all of this. No reaction. Uh then he scrolls through it again and he makes a very deliberate uh scene where he pauses on Lou Alzando's slide and starts gofawing in a very uh non-believable way and saying somebody's having a joke. Uh this you don't need to worry about this. You can go. And that's not the reaction I was expecting. I was expecting to at the very least sign a paper, right, saying, you know, this incident happened. Yeah. Reported it, signed it, you know, it's done. Uh, so, you know, I I tried to ask him like, are are you sure like that, do I need to sign anything? He's like, nope, you can go. And so I left that room and never ever had anything about that incident come up again. Except immediately you went and checked again for the file. Yeah, I went upstairs and I went to see what had happened and it was gone. So, the idea that it could have been a war game, could it have been something, you know, some of these UFOs that have been seen over nuclear missile bases, silos and things of that sort there, the implication has been as with drones that it's a readiness test of some sort. We're going to put some secret um operation unexpected and see how people and systems react to it. Could that have been what was going on here? Yeah, I mean it is something that you know on the surface level appears plausible. I just I do not believe that to be the case given the the circumstances of how it was located. The fact that hundreds of people had access to that system, the fact of it's generic labeling. It wasn't, you know, there was no red flags on that to draw draw any uh draw any fish to the bait as it were um to catch somebody. and then the process of ex of reporting it, you know, there there's no outcome from that uh besides apparently making a lot of people pissed off and worried and kind of scared. Let me add to that um something that we noticed and I believe it's true reporting which is that when David Grush testified um immaculate constellation before the world ever knew those words was searched on Google a ton. Additionally, over the research and time and sources that we have, um, you know, it has been confirmed to us under no uncertain terms that that was the name of a program with that nature. So, if we're looking at it as like a lark LA lar, we get to the point where there's too many outside confirmation after the fact as well as Yeah. If that had been the only thing I had seen and none of the rest of this saga had happened, right, we wouldn't be talking. Totally. You you wrote um in a paper that was submitted to Congress and we'll go to a lot of uh details in that but that this was deeply disturbing overall. Why was it disturbing to you? Yeah. So it as time passed it became disturbing um especially uh after the sort of um the process of Gush coming forward left awake on the inside too. Uh people were tracking that who weren't even involved but were able to see sort of the distortions on the inside. Um distortions of truth. Exactly. and but also you know bureaucracies and offices behaving weirdly um around this subject and sort of the movements for reaching out to Congress uh to get legislation drafted uh that eventually became that intelligence authorization act and that first NDAA uh where they provided whistleblower protections. Um, I think that that was one of the moments that really uh started to convince me that this was this was not um under under our government's control. That's a core of why we're talking today. Yes. What do you mean? Um, just on an emotional level, uh, and blunt analysis, why the hell is Congress passing a law asking for UFO uh, insiders from the intelligence and military military community to come talk to them directly under amnesty about something that doesn't exist, isn't an issue. Um, and if it is does exist and is an issue, but it's secret, uh, apparently our most sensitive congressional committees are not briefed on this. Yeah, I I find it at the core disturbing you having uh Arrow even ask for whistleblowers to come forward to them. Uh having Car was asking for whistleblowers to come under amnesty to come to them. Yes, something's rotten with that. And then also at the same time seeing the the the sort of UAP task force and its slow death uh on the inside and the death of the you know sort of open exchange of ideas and problem solving going on was another data point that pointed to something rotten. Mhm. And uh the last one that really sealed it uh and really convinced me that I I need to find a way to uh bring this to Congress, no matter no matter how small it might be, it apparently matters. Mhm. Uh was uh when I was in USDI, I read the transcripts of Sean Kurpatre uh briefing Senator Rubio, Senator Warren, and Senator Gillibrand on the results of his investigation in his congressionally tasked Arrow report. in those transcripts which were supposed to be a open kimono. Uh here's the truth. Mr. Senator, Mr. Senator, uh Sean Kirkpatre absolutely distorted, downplayed, and can't prove it, but I would say outright lied to to the people who have direct responsibility for him. Saying what what would what did he say that was a lie? So, it's more of a lie of the whole big picture, the big picture, right? in the meeting it's, you know, oh, we, you know, Congressman Rubio, you know, we we've heard about this incident. Uh, we just don't have enough data to go on it to really know what this is. Uh, we don't have any way of really figuring out what's going on. Um, it could just be an anomaly. In fact, it's most likely anomaly. So, starting with an acknowledgement that, you know, here you Oh, yeah. You have some data, but we have the insight and the scientific expertise to to make you feel at ease. Nothing to see here, folks. Moving on. Exactly. Although there was also political discussion involved in historic discussion. Um and you know I read these transcripts once uh and immediately knew that uh yeah veiled threat. No I I knew that I was now something else. I was in I had inside knowledge into the deception of our government by elements of our intelligence community. Um my blood ran cold at a specific point in that transcript where Mr. Rubio is discussing uh the legacy program. This was a subject of direct discussion with Sean Kurpatre in these meetings. And based on Mr. Kpopatrick's replies about uh as vague as they were uh but unable to escape the truth of the legacy program. Mr. Rubio's response was, "Well, what the hell is the executive branch doing? Have they been running this for 60 years without congressional oversight?" I might be paraphrasing a little, but that's near enough verbatim. And I saw that line and I I basically closed that file and uh had a pretty sleepless night. All right. Uh, you said your blood ran cold, meaning you're pissed, you're spooked, scared. What is scared? Scared. Scared for your country. I just think in general it's like a I don't know. There was nothing associated. It was just like immediate, oh [ __ ] Good response. You now know this is real. This is a cover up. They are lying about this stuff. Yeah, at that point I definitely knew the phenomenon was absolutely real. I knew we were tracking it. I knew we had uh lots of resources on it for some time. But getting to that final like uh step in the ladder and see like oh and the cover up is real and it's inside the house. Give us a sense of you read one document that said immaculate constellation and it had some images with it. What additional information did you come across that reinforced your belief that there is a big surveillance program collecting this stuff? Well I mean uh one is just the fact of its existence right in in the brief it's talking about the general mission. and it's giving examples, but it's clearly talking about a collection mission. And then there's there's uh programs that have since become public. Uh the most relevant one in this case is the NRO sentient program uh that kind of at least in the open source way demonstrates how you don't need a massive workforce to do this uh anymore. You don't need uh buildings without windows for acres to people taking this information and sanitizing it, making it sure it gets to the right people without the wrong things in it. Uh and that's just on the inside, right? Like you don't also need exposure to a bunch of human beings with individual egos and identities. To be clear, there there's kind of AI siphoning off of data and information to keep it compartmentalized without spine of human eyes. even within our intelligence agencies if I'm understanding it. Yeah. It's a bit of a janis, a two-faced god. It takes things in one end and make sure you hear what you need to hear out the other. Right. And you suspect that uh UAP when that data is collected and and brought in and ingested that there is a whitewashing or not whitewashing of it, there is a a clarifying of that stuff to to make sure the general people in the intelligence community don't see it. Absolutely. And that's a long-standing practice for especially for imagery intelligence. uh just uh nothing about UFOs. You know, back in the cold war days, if if something a facility or an aerospace platform was seen that um sorry, was collected, uh you know, there would be either there'd be a full version, right, for those who needed it. Uh but if you just needed to see the facility but maybe not the plane, you know, those would be manually excised. Now, we have uh tools to do that for us. Could you describe then for us uh how you think this works? Whatever the name for it is now, how it works. Did we have an AI system in 2018 that could do what we're describing? Well, we know we did. Um those documents have since become public, right? Sentient. Sentient, right? Um and the fact that Sentient was operational at those dates of the documents mean it was operational for years before then. uh years before 2018. You know, we've had our conversations private and otherwise about this kind of an operation and it just seems like gosh, there should be somebody who's collecting all this information and studying it and trying to figure it out. And the fact that it goes into the executive branch somewhere if that's what happens to it, good. I'm glad somebody's doing it. Why is that, as you've learned about it, why is that not necessarily a good idea? Is it because it's not maybe really within the executive branch that it's it's an entity unto itself? Why it may not be a good idea to censor our intelligence products that are circulated within our cleared community uh to our service members that are on the front lines every day uh is because you are uh blinding them to their environment. You are opening them to threats. you're exposing them to risks and you are essentially inhibiting uh the pursuit of national security objectives by doing so. There's a reason you guys have talked to so many whistleblowers from the military who see these things. Uh that's because partially because they're reporting it, they feel endangered by it. Uh and nothing is being done and no answers are being given and they are in some cases suffering legitimate injuries. these images that would pop up here and there on on some system on some platform um this AI program that was once called Immaculate Constellation it would grab them take them away and then they're gone from those platforms those places so like CIA or or yeah I believe where it where it could it you know the data was ingested essentially in a you know a stove pipe right it's it's locked off it goes in it goes into the black box and then a product comes out for what you're cleared to see and what you have a need to know to see. Wouldn't somebody say, "Hey, where's my image that I recorded?" Uh, and then where to go? Yeah, there's a lot of people who have had incidents like that. There you also have to remember there's a lot of surveillance and reconnaissance platforms. Not all these are controlled by military or national intelligence. And uh the thing I believe a lot of uh what was you know circulated for some time among the community was people at combatant commands or with operational units uh they had their own platforms essentially they control that data to a large degree and they were able to decide that it goes on JWix not uh into the black box right so I've heard this over and over and over that there are these uh pipelines of communication let's say overseas to sentcom but there's a squeezing point. There's a narrowing point where stuff doesn't get where it's intended to get and that that's been a problem operationally, especially when it comes to UAP stuff. People have tried to track and follow what they've submitted and it didn't get where that it needed to. It's been siphoned off. To be clear, immaculate constellation is not um an AI scrubbing program. just you know so we our audience understands that um we've described what immaculate constellation is but that is an element we suspect from the literature and knowledge of what is public that there is that capability to scrub instead of like airbrushing out UFOs from Nassers and and part of the uh the way of knowing what this is is knowing who in the DoD at least has you know primary responsibility over SAPS uh OSD policy really only has control over operational SAPs and logistical SAPs. Then you will have OSD research and engineering and acquisition sustainment. They will have uh you know your science and technology saps that'll that they are the people who run who they're the gatekeepers for that world. And then you'll have your intelligence or USDI in this case uh their SAPs and caps and those are intelligence saps uh they are the primary keepers of that. So the implication there is that you know if OSD policy is being briefed on that immaculate constellation is a parent sap not for a specific platform but for a mission. I I think the core of this for me is at one point Matt realized, holy [ __ ] this is real. This is a problem and people are being lied to. People that um need to know the truth that it's being siphoned off uh outside of control of what should be our representative government. And let me know if I'm saying anything that's wrong from your perspective, but I think there's a point that he hits like you and I have hit. We're being [ __ ] lied to and it's becoming dangerous. your first sentence in in the report that we fought to get on congressional record. We'll get into that. We fought for that together. This document is a result of a multi-year internal investigation into the subject of unidentified anomalous phenomena. That first sentence in your report that that we uh fought to get into congressional record for a reason. So basically your blood goes cold. You're like, "Oh, fuck." And then you do a multi-year internal investigation. Explain that. It's your first sentence. What did you do? Um, at the time of that uh, knowledge. Um, you know, I was still in the Pentagon. Um, but I was not a whistleblower. Uh, my investigation at that point was in the pursuit of my duties encountering WMD. Um, also my professional curiosity. You went deep. Well, the report is uh, you know, seven categories of evidence, right? Mhm. Um, immaculate constellation is the attention grabber, but it's the one where there's the least amount of uh detail, right? Um, so I basically conducted my own uh amateur all source analysis uh of what the US government, specifically the DoD, cuz that's what I had access to, uh, knew about UAPs. and I collected that information and uh sought out a way to go to Congress because they asked and provided amnesty for whistleblowers. If they did not want that, they should not have written that into a law, right? They said they did and you started to go down that path and that's our kind of next step is you're seeking whistleblower protection. Okay, so now you realize you got to do something and you feel compelled. I think we understand why he feels compelled. It's dangerous. Um you seek whistleblower protection officially. Is that the next step or what what's the next step? The next step is to figure out how to even get to Congress. Okay. Um and actually a little bit before that to figure out like am I even needed? Okay. Um because at this point, you know, the legislation was there but Grush was not. Um I was aware of people on the inside, some of whom have since become public, some who have not, who uh the very least shared a interest in this getting a wider exposure in the intelligence community. Mhm. Um so I started talking to people in that world. Um and trying to quietly figure out uh you know what's the state of play? Um is what I have valuable or needed? Should do I need to go forward? Right. Right. So there was a long feeling out period there. Um lots of mistakes made but those were mistakes born of risk because uh you know this this is there's no channels for this. There's no official process and I'm literally in the belly of the beast back to a constellation. You begin to get the sense that it is in fact a constellation with a lot of individual stars or or stove pipes underneath it. Could you describe that structure, what you learned and how you learned it? So that just that's just more of a nature of of SAPS apparently um learning in how they're constructed and especially how the internal security for SAPS is run. Um I think you guys have reported on it that the budget for security is much higher than the budget for the actual research on this. Um and that is a very there's very real world effects as I came to learn. Describe those for as example. You're you're telling us that you realize the guys you're working for are lying. Um do you start to feel marked because of your interest in this or do you make mistakes that that put you in somebody's crosshairs? Uh, so there was no indication that anything untored was thought about me. Um, no, as far as I knew, nobody even knew I was interested in this stuff. You feel a sense of duty. Congress needs to know. You know, they've been lied to specifically. People tell you, "Yeah, this is an important piece to the puzzle." And you felt a sense of patriotic duty to do that. And so you took steps to that. You said, "Cool. They're going to give me whistleblower protections. I am a whistleblower." What happened? How did you do that? What were the steps? So I had to find them. There was no way that I could find to get into contact with Congress. I tried. Mhm. Uh so then I started talking to other people who were at that time more vocal about their intent to be a whistleblower to Congress internally more vocal on classified systems or in uh not so much on systems but in classified facilities verbal conversations. Uh so meant one person who did go forward uh kind of watched that person without letting them know what I knew to see you know what they were doing and how it went for them. Uh at that time it just seemed to be the report was you know I went in talked with the staff the staff then had a separate meeting to talk with the member and uh there was no paperwork no lawyers involved it's just you're in you say what you have to say and you're out that's the channel no repercussion that's what they said we know all of those people as well the assumption none of there's not a uh SOP written out you know this is what I'm learning and observing and you told them what you know correct um officially. Yeah. The first meeting I wouldn't say I was especially transparent uh going in remember I knew it I knew my bosses were lying. Um I'm talking to a permanent member of the Senate staff, not a member, not an elected representative. I don't know what their could have been bait. You would be careful. It could have been bait. So I shared, you know, the the attention grabber, the MCON story. Mhm. uh and slowly worked my way around those other categories of evidence, but left it at like, you know, I got more to say, but like, you know, we should probably, you know, do you want me to say more? Like, what comes next? Um, so that meeting was had. I uh spoke to that person in the skiff in the heart Senate office building. I signed my name on the log, my true name on the log book on August 17th. We've been into that skiff since majority started that log as well. So unless that page goes missing into there. Yep. Um you got balls like church bells, man. I mean going in there and doing this uncharted territory. You're just trying to do the right thing. I can kind of feel it. You know that that's a difficult thing and you did it and you went in. Yeah. I don't know who to trust then either. Right. Uh so what happens next is I'm told, okay, so we're going to set you up. Uh to be clear, I spoke to a staff member from [ __ ] Mhm. I was told that next you will speak to a staff member from Sask and then we will have a meeting with both Sask and [ __ ] with the elected members of Congress there and the two people I or sorry and the staffers that I spoke to. That's what's was supposed to happen, right? So I feel a little better leaving this meeting actually. The person I interact with seemed very genuine. Um took my concerns for safety very seriously. Um, and uh, perhaps oddly, but it was somewhat comforting, seemed to know more than me, cuz at that point, um, I hadn't really met anyone who at least willingly was going to answer questions and seemed like they knew uh, even a degree of what I knew at the time. So, yeah, I I felt like, okay, we're on track. There's a process here. Congress actually is getting this under control. Um, I'll have these meetings and it's, you know, uh, I get a handshake, maybe a nice little thank you, and I feel like I did my duty and I can get back to my career. They're asking you to come forward and you do it. Mhm. So, none of those meetings ever happen. Uh, weeks go by, I reach out, hey, is this going on? Like, I I told you I had more. I want to give that more to you, so I don't have it. Um, when can we meet? got the runaround uh and then eventually the blunt reply like you either send me what you have in writing here on this uh non official channel or uh you know you don't and we don't need it. So I I sent that extra information and then for many months uh I thought you know I'm I'm done. It's disillusioning isn't it that the the Congress has made a show of this. Hey, we want the information. We're going to pass this legislation, protect whistleblowers, come on in, tell us this stuff, and then the the channels really don't work. I came to be disillusioned. At the time, I just uh I came to believe like, okay, I I had something that was of minor importance. I'm just really not important enough to talk to anymore. So, you're the little guy. Shut up. We don't need you anymore. Or just the fear, right? The fear that you're you're trying to do the right thing. This sensitive topic, you know, people are lying. Who do you trust? And all of a sudden you do what they say. There's got to be fear there. Like, oh [ __ ] should I have opened my mouth? Yeah. Yeah. But I think at that point though, it was mostly hurt. I still thought like, I guess I'm too small, but too small and I guess you guys got this already. When I talked, to be clear, David Gush had just spoken the month before or right before then, I was clear like, hey, uh, you know, this meeting's been in the work for months. I I saw David Gush's testimony. I don't even know if you need what I have anymore, right? Um, this guy seems to have it all. But yeah, they still wanted to talk, right? Did there come a time then when you start meeting physically meeting with other people who are sort of like whistleblowers or at least making sounds like whistleblowers? Yeah. So that came about uh the person who connected me to Congress uh started trying to make a network of people in the IC and the military uh you know for what ends it was kind of vague but it was more of at least a community of interest maybe looking towards like a group of current and former national security employees that can you know be a resource to that Congress can call on to either like you know speak or just to like make a statement you know legit getting organized Yeah, you got to be thinking, well, look, I'm going to go hear from some other people, see what their experience has been like. Maybe I'm not doing this, right? There's another way to do it. Well, I mean, at that point, I had accepted that, you know, they didn't need my information. I didn't feel like there was anything left to do. Now, I'm back at, well, I just want to know what's going on. These are the people like me, sort of. Uh, did you have to tell your bosses, hey, I I'm under whistleblower protection, allegedly. I I went and whistleblower. Did you have to like tell your bosses at your normal job? No, I did not tell my bosses. Uh, at this point in time, I was at the Department of State when I was a whistleblower to be very clear. Um, I was a whistleblower when I sorry, I was at Department of State employee when I reached out to Congress and I was a Department of State employee when I spoke to Congress. So, I get another job uh with an FFRDC. I was going to work at DAHQ doing nuclear force planning. Pretty cool job. Yeah. And then last minute, um, a job posting goes up from the Department of State and I'm told about it. I kind of knew some of the people at the State Department program. Uh, so that was a bit of a draw. If I feel like I need some protection, this could be a this could work out well in the long term. So, at the time it was kind of self-interest there, whereas like, yeah, if I need to, you know, cover my ass and write something um and have it not be redacted, this is a good place to do it. That's that's pre-planning, right? And that comes from a um a sense of a worry, a sense of fear in a way, like you have to protect yourself. State Department's good place. You're already thinking ahead. You're not doing pre-pub so you can write a book or be in a movie. You're doing pre-pub to protect your ass. You got a new job at the State Department. you have in the back of your mind look if I decide to take it a step further this is a good place to do that right what's your job at state department and did you like it yeah so my job was uh on paper sort of similar to what I had done uh at the Pentagon working in countering WMD a cool job why was it cool so the state department one was mainly the the draw I mean is to travel um and is to travel to you know countries that I wanted to in in in my case in Europe um you know the you're interacting with the universities, industry groups, government sort of associations uh much more slower speed, much less dark and grim and uh in the real world as it were. Was there ever a period where you're thinking maybe I'm just leaving this u UAP stuff behind me and and I'm no you were hooked. You were done. you were well I mean the subject matter obviously and then knowing what I knew about the situation in government um you know I don't think it's something that you know you have that level of of knowledge that you can leave behind morally you couldn't yeah morally also is it still to this day is endlessly fascinating right but my job head would have nothing to do with that and uh yeah I I I Uh it felt like at this point again I had not gone to Congress but I had met people who either were going to or had felt like you know okay somebody's it's handled people senior more senior than me who have connections and know what they're talking about or they got this so I can rest easy. Let it go. Mhm. At what point did you read the transcripts of Sean Kurpatre speaking to the senators? Was that at State Department? No, that was at USDI. Okay. I'm just trying to figure out at at what point you decided, all right, you know, I tried to go to Congress. Uh obviously you knew that arrow wasn't the way to go. So you had to make a decision at some point. I'm going to take some action some way. Yeah. So the the NDAA language comes out. Um you I recognize how serious that is. I'm talking with these people even though now I'm at uh uh states. I'm still tracking what's going on. um and start getting the the the scuttlebutt that you know somebody big is going to come forward. Um and you know the implications of what they had to say are like not good. Uh and they're making these people who are more senior than me uh feel or talk about like you know that there's corruption involved that there is uh conspiracy criminal conspiracy involved. you know, nothing. It's being whispered, but you know, things start to feel like, oh, maybe this isn't so uh just a cold war black program that was allowed to go on for too long and now it's just coming in from the cold all nice and cuteike. Something much darker, right? You see people like Dave Crush come forward and get slimed. You know that there are other whistleblowers who uh have come forward bits and pieces. Uh there's you have to realize at some point there's a lot of risk in in taking action. Yeah, I mean I went forwards in such close proximity to Gush that I didn't have or at that time I hadn't observed uh you know the the blowback. It looked like from the outside that you know he he had some friction on on his way there but looked like he got to Congress was saying the right things and Congress was going to do something about it. There was a momentum. There was momentum. And you know, I at again at that time I was already uh in talks to go talk to Congress. Um just at that point, not so much uh like you know out of fear and desperation, just as like they're asking for people seems like they need it, right? Um no matter how small it seems like it's important. And this person told me it was important. They valid this person I met with uh I met with one-on-one. I told him about this uh USAP, which at the time, you know, still to myself, I was like, I don't know if it's real or not. You say you've been to Congress and you know these things firsthand, like is this it? You said it was. Mhm. Uh and yeah, so have the those interactions that we've already been over. Um where do things start going for me? Uh uh what's the phrase here? More serious. Mhm. um is after Congress uh after sorry after speaking to Congress as a whistleblower. Uh I interact with I continue to interact with this person who was trying or at least they told me they were trying to start a fund for whistleblowers to help get people out of the legacy program who wanted to speak but couldn't because they were both afraid for their life and their livelihood. Mhm. And I thought, well, there's something I can help with. Um good at writing paper. um you know, we'll make this organization, I can contribute there. And so the the the honeymoon phase of uh you know, I I did my I spoke my piece and now it looks like I'm helping the good guys and things aren't that serious continues um after August of 2023. uh the result of that is of sorry the result of gush and all that we get the UAP disclosure actu or the attempt to do it and so I think when that failed um was the first blow to uh that hope that you know things would be handled constitutionally constitutionally is there a point at which you you see let's call it the whistleblower community a small group of fairly small group of people who have different stories that you become disillusioned uh with them and with the their media contacts who are being fed bits and pieces of information now. Yes. Then no. Um there also wasn't as much media penetration or connection whatever you want to term it uh in those circles at least that I was you know a part of in those days. Did you consider going to a No. No. I had no outreach, no connections to media. Uh, and I was not pursuing connections to media at all. And, you know, to be fair, you're kind of navigating all of this stuff, you know, seeking advice from people, trying to figure out what do I do? And um, and you're you're a smart guy and you you look at the world and you start reaching out to a couple people or they're being introduced to you like myself and you're kind of feeling it out too, like you know, what is the best path forward here? Yeah, that's so sort of what happens next is um the UAPDA fails. And before that, we get word it's going to fail, right? Um and this person tells me that Congress needs people to start fires to try to save the UAPDA. I ask him, uh are you are you serious? Is Congress has told you to ask people to make some noise? Yeah. And try to save this thing. That person told me yes. And so then I started trying to find uh some media personalities who could potentially be trusted. One of my next steps which was well now I got to get something cleared but then set back in a different way which was well [ __ ] we still have all these people apparently who are in danger. There's no help from the government. There's no help from Congress. There's no help from um Arrow Arrow. there's no help from people who say they care about humanity, but their actions don't bear that out. So, back to square one. And for me, square one is going back and re-engaging with Congress. So, I I reach out um in that Yeah. I guess this would be winter of 24 23 around there. Back to my uh [ __ ] uh connection. And that person, I learned, had since moved on, and he connected me to the current uh person, current staff member for [ __ ] who's handled this, arranged a meeting in a few months cuz I told them, "Hey, I'm going to just first of all, I asked like, hey, did you get any of my testimony?" The answer was no. Um, at least that was the claimed answer. So, I said, "Uh, well, did you get any notes?" Like, I know he took notes. Did you get notes of what I said? Nah. So, I Okay, you know what? I'm gonna write this all up for you guys. You have it and you can't lose it. And um you're gonna guarantee to me that this is not just going to stay with [ __ ] It is going to go to SAS and it is going to go to Hask and it is going to go to HIPSY like it was promised before but never did. Those acronyms meaning for the Senate committees and the House committees that would deal with these classified sensitive stalker. You're like, "Fuck this. I'm writing it all down. Writing down. I'm going to make it really your problem." Right? And you gave me amnesty. You want this? I'm giving it to you. Right. So I spend uh some weeks uh laboriously typing this out. Um you know hidden drives on encrypted drives using open source software only able only opening it when I know I'm not connected to anything on a new device. Uh not a very fun drafting process, right? Um, and that's just the technical aspects of trying to be secure about it at this point. And I'm definitely under no illusions that the uh, US government some capacity knows about me. I'm mainly concerned about foreign intelligence. Mhm. Um, and their their possibility of collecting on on me. I'm in DC, spy capital of the world. Uh, I I was very concerned about that and wanted to do even the writing of this the correct way. Uh so during that time I draft this uh I observe what's going on uh continues to go on the the the final death of UAP UAP Disclosure Act one and the attempt to get the second one which is totally watered down and not even worth our time to consider. Um, and I go and I have the meeting with [ __ ] Uh, give them the paper. Um, it's a much longer version of the report both in my analysis and the level of detail, additional detail in the evidentary evidentiary sections. Mhm. um including the various compartments and programs that they could themselves uh look into to access the same information that I saw which is ridiculous that Congress has no access to. Mhm. Um gave all that to them. Uh then really had to press to even get to speak to Sask. Eventually got to speak uh to SAS uh permanent staff at I believe the Rayurn office building. Um, then after I had met with both [ __ ] and Sask, I uh I uh or no, after I met with [ __ ] but before I finally met with Sask, I submitted a version of this report to the State Department cuz I uh after I gave it to them the first time, um they said, "Thank you very much." Um and then never heard again. Didn't even I mean, they're asking what's going on. They're asking for you to to come and they're asking for this and you're kick open doors right now. Please Exactly. Uh so I decided to make myself a little dangerous and said, "Hey, I'm going to submit this for pre-pub review um to and I'm going to brief my leadership at State Department on this, which I did." Mhm. And I then after briefing them, I submitted it to pre-pub review and uh at the at the state department met with SAS, provided a a copy of the full report and at that time the cleared one um before that ever reached any media sources so that they knew what the media would see before anyone else. You know, doing what I thought was only fair. You know, you want you're our leaders. You want uh control. You want this to go the right way. I'm giving you full insight into what my words are. You can tell me at any time to stop or what to change in my words. Nothing. Transparent, but also you ain't [ __ ] around anymore, right? Yeah. No push back at all. None except for uh not after the house meeting never getting access to house at that time. You make the submission and no access to members still and that's where we start a process. But right. So you you make the submission, you get an answer back up. What's it say? Uh you know, I get no redactions requested and essentially a one-word, sorry, one sentence answer. Uh you may proceed. Not exactly something that gives you a lot of confidence that all is well, but I mean it sounds like they're saying go ahead. We have no problem with it. Yeah. Um I mean, we have the emails. you can read between the lines and also the tone. Um certainly nobody there was thrilled about what I was doing, right? But they weren't stopping you and um you know a lot of people heard about Doppser and that kind of thing and uh this is a very interesting way to go about it. You you get prepub through state department which later Sean Kurpatre became public made some disparaging comments about what gets passed through when it comes to going through state department. Doesn't matter. Basically, it's a process for you to cover your ass and inform everybody and and say, "I'm not messing around. Here we go." And and you get you get it all written down. You get approved and one sentence, you know, email back that we've seen and and you don't have high level of confidence, right, of like, well, what does that mean? Can I move forward? So, so there you are. What happens next? I fly out to California and I meet with Michael Shelonburgger. In part three of our interview with the author of the Immaculate Constellation Report, what is it like to have um absolute knowledge that not only UFOs are are real, that we've been hiding that that our government has controlled that information away from human the base human population. What I have learned is that we live in a dream, a carefully constructed reality. We make use of a science that is tightly controlled and suppressed and distorted. Who are they? Why are they here? Why don't they show us what's going on? I think I have a good degree of confidence that the reason they're here is us. I think life, especially sentient life, it's a precious thing. Um, and I think to some it might be a resource. 

I fly out to California and I meet with Michael Shelonburgger. Mhm. Um I told him, "Hey, I got a story for you. Would you like to chat with me?" Mhm. Um you know, I had met him previously very briefly, totally something unrelated. um and his work on the Twitter files defending, you know, free speech against a very uh pervasive and insiduous censorship regime regime that our government even before the Biden administration had implemented. Uh inspired me that he would do the right thing. Logical, great choice. You know, that was my hope is to have a lot of journalists working on this from different angles who you can trust, who are honest. So that's where your head's at. Yeah. So, we have a good we have a good meeting. Um, I I show him the document. This has been cleared by state, you know. Uh, you know, I I would prefer to like maybe cut it down because it's pretty long, right? Um, but you get to look at it and are you interested? The answer is yes. We're going to do a story. Um, that's in summer of 24, I believe. Early summer, late spring. So with that in hand and knowing that I had at least tap tapped Sask and [ __ ] um thought it was okay to move forward with that story and then try to talk to House uh with you know the full details. Um in the meantime before that story came out you know it takes time to vet things. uh he has to look into me just you know find out who I am look into the details of what I'm alleging you know I know the pro George and I know the process well so it takes months you know so I got some time and in that time um I for the first time get connected with uh David Grush have a very enlightening conversation with him and at his suggestion uh he connected me with with you um and that is how how we came to to meet and I'm looking uh not to report on what you're saying initially I'm looking to help you achieve the goal that we're all fighting for, which is getting the people asking for it, the information. This doesn't have to be public. It doesn't have to be a a public display. This is let's facilitate these conversations. That's where we started. I'm not really doing journalism work with you. I'm trying to just help the process go. That's how that was my head space. Yeah. I was asking Gretch like I'm having a real hard time a meeting themselves and b just even talking to anybody in house. Who's the guy to go to? And it was you. Okay. So, uh that was our the nature of our meeting. George and I have had a great relationship trying to help facilitate information, knowledge, and human beings in for this sort of thing. So, it it makes sense. It was a good move. We did well with David Grush. Uh so, George and I's our role oftent times is to connect people. We we are reporters. It is to break stories, tell the news. Um but really a lot of what I was personally doing was trying to facilitate help facilitate the process they're asking for. Um at that time we had had a great hearing. Uh David Grush uh also fra who had to beg to testify. Um it it was great. It was a success. Everything was clean on that one on that hearing. This was a new thing, a new era. It it felt different from the get-go, but the idea was we're going to have another set of hearings. I'm all for that. They tapped me to try to help connect them with people and George. And so we've had many calls through many process and and now I'm out there to have meetings directly about firsthand people with firsthand experience who can directly testify about this whether they talk publicly or not. This is the information you need. So I go to have these established meetings. You and I meet. I do uh you know physically and we talk about it and you want to come with me and I can bring you in but I can't let them know because we're still trying to protect you trying to protect your identity. So it was kind of like we'll talk about it more in depth later but a kind of harrowing experience. You were very nervous. I mean it was like you're exposing yourself in the in the you know in those meetings. Absolutely. Right. And just by walking into those offices or the the buildings those offices are in. Right. Right. Very public. Very public. So, we kind of hid you in the in the camera crew, the way I say it, and that you were walking with us, but but and getting into the buildings, but I asked each member, I said, "Okay, you wanted direct people. I have one here to speak with you. Everybody needs to leave the room, including the cameras. It'll just be us. Is that cool?" And and each one, although they gave us wisdom along the way as we did our progression of getting you right in front of people to give them your quick testimony and some documentation. So that's what we went through and we go in and there you are. You you're sitting in front of and you know somebody with position. I just want to know what did that feel like first of all that that that moment where you got to finally get to them? Uh I mean in the moment it just was somber, serious. Um also you know nervous. I got to I got like you know it's 5 minutes but I only have probably like a minute to speak. Bro, you were sweating. You were stressed. I mean, it was it was intense. So, getting Yeah. getting the most important information across and also establishing my credibility as fast as possible. Uh, and I was making sure you weren't a [ __ ] plant. You know, to be honest, that was part of the process is making sure he'd say the same thing to um, you know, to to Congress that that to members that that he said to me. Not that I didn't believe you and I had done the vetting and I I I was there. But I want to hear you say it, show it so you're not trying to ent trap me. I mean, honestly, that's part of my thing. Um, man, we got through that, didn't we? It did. Worked well. It did. Mhm. So, you come out of that thinking, "Okay, all right. This is good. I made contact. We'll see where it goes." Mold. Yeah. It was pretty strong. Yeah. I mean, at this point in time, I'm very uh actually skeptical is not the right word. I do not believe did not believe that this would work in Congress, but I knew that the attempt had to be made. We had to try. We had to try. I knew that I alone wasn't big enough or important enough to to shift the tides of history there to shift what apparently the executive branch had decided which was we are going to squash this and anybody that tries to bring it up we are going to uh you know silence cut out uh and disparage. They were asking for whistleblowers and there we are and he is blowing the whistle on this and that's what they were asking for. So for me it was a big win for them to meet you face to face cuz I knew down the line if this was going to progress. Look, you would have testified. Let's get real clear on this. They were asking for it. You would have testified. You were not asking to testify. You're saying here's the little piece that I have. But you you said in that room that you would if if requested. I would if asked. And I did not want to do it at the upcoming hearing. Of course, because that was very close and I in no way felt ready to do that. But you put the ball in their court. You said you would. They didn't ask, right? And we got to There's a whole thing about that, but just you really put it out there. I did. Yeah. Okay. I think um it'll take quite a change in our present circumstances for anybody to ever testify under oath on this subject again in a way that would make a difference. Mhm. I think uh they know the power of in in an open hearing, putting your hand on the Bible and swearing that you're going to speak nothing but the truth and doing so. It's symbolic and it's very valuable and that is why I believe that they are desperately attempting to deny well it saw, you know, we don't got to rehash it. That's what we saw at the second hearing. Absolutely controlled. Uh, Representative Burchett testified to it by saying it publicly that the executive branch um did limit what could be said and by who and George has brought that up a bunch when you know so so I agree. The executive branch in the halls of Congress determining what the business of Congress is and not even through the courtesy of a phone call to the vice president or the president but through minions and stooges. Mhm. Unelected probably CIA. Yeah. Oh, certainly. Yeah. When you when you hear about the lineup for the hearing that was held, you got to be feeling pretty good about it. Oh, yeah. It's going to be a witness. He's going to talk about Immaculate Constellation and not just a witness on his own next to uh Lou Alzando, Tim Galedet, and this guy I've never heard of before, but seems nice. Nick Gold or Mike Gold. They're thinking, "All right, good. All right, it's going to come out." We were all pumped. Did you know what exactly what was going to be discussed by the Shelonburgger at that point? Yes. I mean, I knew it was going to be, you know, me uh and my words and my report because the two of you met with them the night before the hearing. Well, yeah. And I mean, I had met with Michael to give him the story. I assume like there's no mystery here why they're bringing him. Yeah, there was a lot before that, too. But um I mean I have a a two plus month process of prompting trying to get something on congressional record knowing that what your your testimony was valuable. It wasn't just like spur of the moment. There's a process. It was a three major meetings that occurred to validate the information that um that you provided to me. It it's not just like um so getting on something on congressional record is a little bit uh more tricky than than people think. they they have to have time with it. So I very slowly with your authorization over those months had in-person meetings not just you being there but then working with them showing them the information so they had time to vet it. They're worried about getting scammed too right. So it was a process. It was a process that for me was very arduous personally. There were a lot of phone conversations that we sat in on with the house staff and um and they got curiouser and curiouser as the the people who were in on these these conversations with us on the other national security folks just popping in on a meeting that I'm supposed to be having with them, you know, they wanted to know what assets George and I have to visually show them. We were going to provide them. They were saying at one point that we were going to testify and I said, "Cool. And I want to give something substantial to the American public. This is what I want to give them." Well, you know, at some point they're trying to get us into a skiff. And my federal lawyer, our federal lawyer said, do not go in there because they will immediately classify all that information that allegedly you may have access to and then you're never show reporting on it. So, we went through our own journey. We don't have to get into that in this discussion, but there was a lot of stuff happening behind the scenes. But hurrah, hurray, congressional record, your report, which is misrepresented when Nancy May talked about it big time, but we're happy. We're happy. And I was stoked to have Michael Shelonburgger, who at that time I was like, this is great. He's going to um be a good ally moving forward and he's the right man for the job. Yeah. But bottom line, um, no matter the shenanigans involved, um, and how revealing that second hearing was about the control mechanisms in place about UAP, I was elated, and I think so were you, that without having to put your face out to the public and endure all that like you're doing and and going to experience now, your testimony got put on the congressional record. That was a big win. Yeah. There was a bit of a personal pleasure, too. We we I at the very least got to see uh someone else be scared for once. Who was scared? Not the bosses of the people who interfere in Congress, but the minions themselves, cuz their bosses didn't tell them what was going to happen. Can you dive a little deeper into that? Well, by all appearances, both behind the scenes and in front of them, uh the submission of this report onto the congressional record and its announcement caught people by surprise. its distribution was allegedly very tight and these uh unelected members on these congressional staffs that get to to set the agenda for our elected leaders uh had to scramble and adjust in real time. They panicked. See, having something on congressional record is different than just putting out a news report. News report goes away, one click, done. This is much bigger and I saw that too. So I I I it was a big move and it was probably was filled with pleasure to see it. It stirred [ __ ] up. Yes. You know, you said it before and I want to drill this home. At one time saying these words, putting these words in text, saying them over the phone, there was repercussion for that at one time. I understand it as I understand it as well. But so it gets published and I was stoked. I remember that day I went on a news show and I was like I had nothing. I didn't do it. Somebody put it out. I mean, you let me know that it was going to be public, but I was like I was like stoked to hear those words mentioned, but getting it on record, watching the tables turn was was filled with pleasure. Yeah. No long-term outcome, but this is a fight without many wins. So, okay, take the small personal pleasures. As this news travels, is there a blowback? Do you suddenly realize, hey, something might happen to me as a result of this getting out there? You're happy that it's finally there on the record, but then does that change uh over the days or weeks afterward? Not so much. Um I was definitely under no illusions at this point. Nothing would functionally change, but what mattered was, you know, adding new fuel to the fire to look what looked like was a a dying cause. Uh is there blowback for you personally? Does anybody call you and say you shouldn't have done that or does somebody figure out who you are? Is there an attempt to identify who you are? I'm sure there were attempts and I'm sure some of them were successful, but uh I mean I've been known to internal security undoubtedly since almost day one. You know, here's the deal. Um people misunderstand because it was misrepresented in Congress. This is not a a Pentagon paper, a product. You are the author of what the world knows as the Immaculate Constellation report. This is a report based upon a field report based upon your investigation what you've discovered trying to do the right thing bringing it to the people that need to see it because it was so hard even though they're asking for you to get it to them. So just to be really clear for the fundamentally for people immaculate constellation report what was submitted into Congress onto congressional record which we fought together to get that done is your words it it's not some government Pentagon report like it was misrepresented by Nancy Mason Congress. Not at all. Uh all my words um 100% uh authored by me. One of the striking things for me in kind of talking with you through this process most of just reading the final report that went on to congressional record. I mean you list and label um cuboid formation of metallic orbs. These are UFOs right? So fast mover observed transiting over satellite or sorry sensitive facilities. Um intelligence vessels positioned to collect on reproduction vehicle. Uh equilateral triangle UAP tails unwitting vessel. This one struck me. Large disc using clouds as concealment. And why that struck me is because George and I have been exposed to a lot over the years. And I I I think I know and other people know what you're referencing in here. It sounds like you watched a video. You said on US government networks there exist OPIR footage. What is it? Overhead persistent infrared. Um that might be a correction. That a satellite may not have been an OPR satellite after all. But this one um and and you keep going on a boomerang shape, jellyfish shaped, uh you know, tic tac shape. You you're not just making these words up like you saw visual evidence of these. Yeah. And and and so did how George Knap and I we have been exposed to um along the years a lot of visual evidence, but this one the the large disc um in the clouds. Just explain to me seeing something like that. Well, number one, it's pretty striking because you're watching it from Spinx. It's always cool to watch satellite beads. Um, and that's just something the general public doesn't get to see. Um, and then two, just the size of it. It was immediately like, whoa, what the hell is that? It was in, I assume, infrared, uh, either, yeah, black hot for that one. Uh, so the white clouds around it. And yeah, it's it's almost playful in its activities or like it was startled. Um, but it's one of those cases where I look at it and, you know, it looks like a flying saucer, but it might be one of the things that maybe that was actually one of ours. Um, in the wrong place at the wrong time. What do you mean it looks star? What does that mean? You know, it's just looking at an area over the ocean is what it appears. And this thing just comes trundling along from uh like underneath the cloud cover. Comes up and then right when it's like almost center frame, it scoots off to the side and like tries to get out of like it comes into us earlier and going, "Oops, I'm being somebody spotted me. I can get out of here." Exactly. That that it was visibly that's the the feeling it had. That was that was kind of haunting to me. I checked we checked uh when we were with some friends recently. Um I never know. We are not qualified to know if some of the things we've been exposed to are legitimate or not. But when I get confirmations like you describing this and other people we've just recently talked to, I know that footage exists. We've been exposed to it. And um I think that that's uh a nice piece to the puzzle for the public. Um what about jellyfish? H yeah. So I mean I only heard that term uh once it was released. uh similar stuff I had seen on the inside and it was often labeled like a floating brain or an organic or irregular shape. So that's why it's in there. Um so yeah, I've seen multiple instance of instances of irregular shaped things that look thematically similar to the jellyfish. Um I've never seen the jellyfish video itself. Um you have but seeing those uh you know there's an instance of there one in Southcom uh right at our border crossing what appears to be into United States airspace. Um let me get clear undetected from Mexico. I I I believe from me one way or another I I can't recall the compass orientation right now but I would assume into the US which is why it was interesting. Uh yeah let me get clear on a couple. Well, first of all, you know, people like yourself, you get, it's happened with Lazar, happened with Greg, like every word you say, you know, you're worried about if your memory isn't perfect this way or you've done a great job of really curating, making sure what you said is accurate. It's okay to make a mistake. It's okay to like not remember the exact equipment that did this or that in your brain. Just so um so you're saying the word jellyfish you first heard kind of when George and I released that thing into the public media. Jellyfish although it was described differently for different assets you've seen on servers that Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. that term was describing something I had seen before. Okay. Okay. But we just called the jellyfish because that's what it was told to us. They had two. Spaghetti Monster was our other option that was said to jellyfish works. But um that morphology or shape is something that uh consistently you had seen within these uh classified servers. Yes. In other contexts outside of the Middle East. Okay. You ever see any any videos where we're engaging with them? Either we're chasing them or war plananes or something or going after a disc, a saucer, an orb or something like that? So, I've seen videos and read reports of engagements uh but not live like we're not shooting them but engagements where you know either we are trying to intercept something um read lots of reports on that and from other countries as well trying to intercept these things. Um you know each report will have its own shape that they're chasing but guess what they are. Uh but then yeah uh uh when there's an example in there off the east coast of what would be classed as an engagement where we're up there protecting our airspace and encountering these things and interacting with them in uh in a way that we would consider hostile. If it was if it was anything else, you know, if if we had a Russian bomber patrol that had a fighter escort and they tried to box our fighters out, force them down from the wash, the the jet wash, you know, that would be a hostile engagement. Um, but for whatever reason, uh, you know, we're not describing it that way internally. So, we're sending a plane up to take a look. Yeah. Maybe get a better look or even some imagery, but not to engage, meaning shoot it down. shoot a sidewinder at it or something, right? I would, you know, I'm not going to be able to say that's never happened, but I have I have not seen them engaged uh yeah, with with weapons. Well, it recently happened and we became aware of one. Um more details on that I think we'll report on. And what happened was the missile quote bounced off and so they're trying to figure that out, but uh you know what does that imply? Like a field around it? I don't know. We also released one that was so embarrassing to release. We we had to call it looked like Kermit the Frog. I think we called it Syria Dome UAP. But the reason we released it cuz verified we uh tried to engage it. We tried to shoot it and I I believe we we hit it but we don't know the aftermath or what happened to that. We reported on that is actual information even though it looks so silly we had to report it cuz it's UAP. So from the recent event to that it brings me back to what you said George about the official orders back in Russia back in the day. Tell me that real quick again. So the Russian military that from 78 to 88 they had a standing order uh for the any every unit in this vast Soviet military empire. Any UFO or ball of light, flying saucer, anything weird in the sky, it had to all be investigated. And uh the guy who was in charge of that program at the Ministry of Defense said that there had been several dozen instances where they sent planes, war plananes to intercept these UFOs. and uh they mostly they couldn't keep up with them. They just poof, they're gone. But in three cases, they tried to engage and shoot them down. Three cases where those planes, the Russian war plananes crashed. Two of the pilots died. And after the second pilot died, they issued an order, leave them alone. Because in the words of the the commander of the Russian Air Force, they said they have incredible capacities for retaliation. So why so many shapes? Why do you think so many shapes? I used to think fly saucers were discs. I used to think UFOs were were fly off saucers. That's what I used to think. Now after knowing this guy for so long, reading all the reports, getting whistleblowers, talking with him, why so many shoots? I think part of it's um sometimes these might be, you know, made to purpose. Uh so, you know, if they're only making it for a specific use case scenario, they'll design it to excel on that mission. I guess we do that. We do that. Absolutely. We have bombers that look a certain way and then we have reconnaissance vehicles that look another way. I guess Star Wars, they have giant cruisers and they have the X fighters, you know, for different jobs. Would you be surprised to hear about cases where these things large objects come out of the ocean or go back into the ocean? Does that sound familiar? I would not be surprised. I I have not seen very large objects go in and out of the water, but I've definitely seen small to medium-sized UAPs either going into the water and disappearing or going in and out or coming out of the water. Fact. fact and on video and described uh there's a video and described uh any kind of change of inertia multiple videos any kind of we have also been exposed to some um let me ask you this any change of like any inertial effect any change of speed or motion it's like the water wasn't there it's like the gold for anybody wants to see I wonder if it's ever enough like is video ever enough like what is enough for people to wrap their heads that there's a real issue here I don't know I don't think one video is ever going to change. I want to talk to you about signals intelligence signant, right? That was a big part of your investigation. Can you explain that and why? Yeah. So, it was one of the sources where uh you know, we have a fantastic intelligent posture. Uh it's not as data heavy, so there's just it's just much easier to to move around and and access and read through quickly. Now, it's one of the shortest sections in there because uh in in my mind, you know, those are these are incidental collections, right? Yeah. Um I'm sure we are specifically collecting signals intelligence on this, but my uh research was not in those uh sort of data streams. vast majority is um accidental kind of capturing of exactly from of other countries, other militaries uh activities related to this and their observations related to this or sometimes historic things that we choir that happen to pop up in those in the sigant channels. Um yeah, so the reason there's less detail there though is we're using those every day. We rely on them a lot and they're very fragile, very sensitive and diplomatically sensitive as well. The things you're describing that you'd seen that are in this report are mostly things that are there's in the Pacific and the Atlantic, there's over Africa. They're foreign things of something coming over the border from Mexico. What about cases in the US? Is is NORAD is that just a black hole for these kind of images? It's so something that happens over our country, you don't even get to see it. Yeah, Northcom is a black hole. You need I mean just legislatively there's there's legal things keeping us the military and the IC supposedly from from looking at the states. That's supposed to be a domestic law enforcement uh mission in general. You got to have a very good reason to be looking at, you know, over your neighbor's fence. Basically, this is a I think it's, you know, it's functionally a a barrier to present prevent accidental or just curious people, you know, doing things they shouldn't uh in our home in our homeland, which would actually get them in trouble. It's one thing if we're doing it uh, you know, some foreign country. It's one thing if we're crossing the line and spying uh here uh without a specific mission. The complaint we hear from UFO world is I don't care about these blurry images. These things are blurry. The tic tac to me that was a fantastic image. You know there you're not sending Dave Fraver up and with an IMAX camera to make a movie. These are captured on sensor systems the same as like 2019 USS Omaha pitch black 100 miles off the coast of Southern California. They're picking up an image that they follow for an hour on a thermal camera. They're they're blurry, but they're amazing images. I mean, is there a reason that the public doesn't see um crystal clear movie quality images of UFOs? Yeah, I I think unfortunately it's um a product of our education system, a lack of curiosity in general about the world. Um there's a lot of arrogance in our academy and that arrogance filters down to our citizens. We know the world. We have it figured out. there's nothing really left to discover here. Uh, and I think in general there's so much misinformation, stigma, mythology that people grow up with that lead them to just automatically categorize any of this as as just uh, you know, false, fake, not real, misidentified, mundane. Yeah. Well, I mean, getting an image on a thermal camera 100 miles out to sea in total blackness is sounds pretty cool to me. That sounds like an amazing accomplishment. But is there are there additional reasons that have been maybe discussed behind closed doors uh force fields of some sort around these um craft that make things blurry even for a from a good camera image? Do you know? probably a very uh real explanation for why certain shapes um you know are are harder to observe than others. Um I think you know whether it's active camouflage and like the skin of the vehicle itself uh that definitely seems to be in play or a field like you describe. Um I've seen evidence of fields around crafts. Yeah, some things we've seen have looked so bizarre it makes no sense to my brain. Um, it is possible, we've heard that from a number of whistleblowers at different levels, that what you're seeing could just be a part of a greater structure, you know. Um, so it could be something like that speculating. We had this uh Chinese balloon thing that happened. Three different objects, UFOs, three UFOs shot down in a in a couple of week period. And then we we saw people use that uh the usual people in the media world who bash this stuff who tried to blame it on the UAP task force. The reason we're not NORAD is not looking for something like this because the UAP task force confused the whole situation. It's as if NORAD would only look for things that look like planes, bombers, or missiles. So we didn't look for UFOs. Um is it possible that we didn't look for UFOs because it didn't really want to find them? or is it we were looking for UFOs, it just the public and most of the government never saw. Um, we've always been seeing these things with things like radar. Um, so it's, you know, it's part of standard operating procedures to to deny this and to not uh acknowledge it. So, we've been seeing it. We're just pretending not to see it. Absolutely. are public institutions like the FAA or um similar in your even local context. It's uh not allowed to be discussed and there might even be technical measures in our in the technology of this place that just prevents it from even popping up on a screen right you know like the tic tac. So that happened for 2 or 3 weeks. They could get a little glimpse of it on these systems, really sensitive advanced Navy systems at the time, and then poof, it it fell off. At the USS Omaha, they had 12 or 14 of these things zipping in. You'd see them on the radar screen, and then poof. If they didn't want to be seen, we weren't seeing them. I I guess it could be that is part of an explanation. If they don't want to be detected on radar, they have ways to avoid radar, whoever they are. Yeah, that's a a dangerous dynamic to have willful ignorance on our side um and their capability to at least attempt to evade detection at any time on theirs. Um if we are so certain they are friendly, why is this a secret? Um I have one more. Yeah, drones. So 60 Minutes just did a big piece on drones. Langley Air Force Base had these things flying over it for 17 nights in a row. stayed in New Jersey for weeks at a time. Uh sensitive bases, restricted airspace at US, UK bases at in Britain for days and days. We can't track these things coming in. We can't track them when they leave. We can't shoot them down. We don't know where they're from. But don't worry, they're just drones. They're foreign surveillance drones. Give me your take on that whole situation. Well, if you're a member of the public and you are still listening to CNN, MSNBC, Fox News, or reading the New York Times, or the Wall Street Journal, all of that is controlled. It's propaganda. It is shaping your life narrative um intentionally. though. Uh, as for the government reactions to that, I was very disappointed to see a continuation of the dismissal of these events by the Trump administration's press secretary. Um, I can guess why they decided despite the campaign promise to immediately uh address that issue to not uh has to do with geopolitical situations we are currently involved in and the fact that we are living through a constitutional crisis uh related to this issue just seems to me that it is a worse thing to say these might be foreign surveillance drones and there's not a damn thing we can do about it. we don't we can't track them, we can't see them, we can't shoot them down, then it is to say these are genuine unknowns. You know, it seems like they're unknowns, not just something some drone that the Chinese are floating off off of New Jersey. Well, there's an infection in our security thinking, which is that, you know, we must they're primacists. They must be on top. To admit weakness is to admit defeat. And to say you don't know what something is is a pretty big signal of weakness. Um there's not much humility and a lot of arrogance driving I think these responses more so than any strategy. Yeah. We got just u I want to defend footage real quickly too. I got three things. I want to defend footage. Um there's a lack of education about what people are seeing in thermal. So first of all these are weapon systems. These aren't IMAX cameras. So, but they're kind of better than an IMAX camera cuz you can see in the [ __ ] dark. So, I think there's an education process and we've been trying with our reporting to teach people when you see something in thermal, what you're seeing is a heat signature and that heat signature represents that shape and you know of the heat. It it it's just a I think it's an education process. It has to come from curiosity, but people need to be told what they're seeing. It's new to a lot of people. It was new to me when I started seeing military videos for the first time. So in defense of grainy bad footage, people just need to understand what they're seeing to understand the impact if they're curious enough. Question like the all like any country in this world could disclose at this point a major country with technological development could disclose we are not alone in the universe. There are others. There's visitors who've been here a long time. Why? Why has everybody agreed to not say that to the public? Do you have any philosophies why? I think in the west this is the reaction and that's an important distinction. I cannot comment so much on why Russia or China uh have have not addressed this in a different way than us. But I think in the west and the five eyes alliance and its subsidiaries um you know there is a understanding at least uh that this is not talked about at official channels especially if you're a you know small kid on the block you uh you don't you don't speak out of turn. Um, but it it also points to, I think, the fact that this doesn't ultimately reside in the government anymore. This is held in an illegal internationalist regime, some sort of international cabal of sorts, mix of corporate, military, political, intelligence and criminal interests that have come together and they have um subverted us and have taken this and have made it the source of their wealth and power. So what astronaut Dr. Edgar Mitchell told me in one of the last films before he died, he used very similar words. Um, well, that doesn't make me feel good. Yeah. Well, he was sure of it. Um, you're a whistleblower, not a source to me and George. You know, you're a whistleblower. Um, you know, I want to we we do want to help. Um, are I always hear whistleblowers are scared and we know uh we know some people the same people, but there's a lot that have come to us that you don't know. Um, are you scared? Are you scared now coming forward? Are you scared? I mean it it comes in waves. Okay. Um so yes, but I make a conscious effort every day to not let fear rule my life and my deeds. So yes, I'm scared, but this is the right thing. It's the necessary thing. And um I was raised right. You think that by talking to us, it's possible that you might have some protection in that if somebody cuts your brake lines and you go off a cliff, at least there's going to be somebody looking into it and and raise some hell about it. You know, if that happens, don't try too hard. Uh focus on the mission. So, this is more about people need to know than about your personal well-being. Um any regrets now? I trusted too much and I did not trust myself enough. Took some uh I paid some prices and I do not doubt that there are the seeds for future uh costs I'll have to pay in the future. Describe for us the personal uh costs um the reality for you going forward, your outlook for ever working for the government again, for example, or in with a any kind of a job that requires a security clearance personal cut cost to your marriage, your personal life. Well, with the job with government, my career is dead. It has been dead for years now. Um I have a file on me. I will even if I went back in even even if I chose to never do any of this and just keep working, I predict that I would have found my career stunted mysteriously as soon as uh it would have sought to or would have sought to advance into what I thought was a noble mission. Um, personally, it's hard to describe. Um, you know that I've been doing this for about 4 years now. Only very recently have I had anyone to talk to um about it in in outside of like, you know, hey, can you make this meeting happen? Um, I've had no allies. That has changed. Um, it's been a very painful, costly process to find allies, but I have them. There's more of us. Mhm. This doesn't stop, right? You get to know some of these other whistleblowers who are still not public yet, correct? But who are at least close to coming forward? Yes. Is there strength in numbers then in that regard? Yes. And if all of us die or imprisoned, the seeds have been planted, more will come. Well, those seeds have been planted about deaths to in the whistleblower community that those stories circulate, I would imagine, pretty quickly among you and people you know. Yeah, but I'm still here. Do you think anybody has been killed because they knew too much on this topic? Yes, I believe and I think and I could probably help someone else prove it. Mhm. But lethal uh lethal action has been taken against people that tried to get the truth out. Or maybe we're just uh considered uh wild cards, unc not able to be efficiently controlled, no longer useful. I think once you taste the darkness, you like using it. They don't have to kill you. They could discredit you some way. Oh yeah. Manufacture something. Mhm. they they asked you to come forward and and you even felt that you had a small piece to the puzzle and you weren't even sure if it was worth it and then you do that and that what you suffer as the consequences against your career. There's other things we're not saying that we suspect are related to you coming forward. Um God, that's got to hurt, man. That's got to be painful. They've asked you to come forward and you tried all the ways to do that. We had to go to a little bit extreme measures to to get the rest going. It's got to be painful. Yeah, it is. I don't think it'll stop being um although hopefully time is its own salve. Mhm. I'd like to spend that time with my wife, my family, not in a cell or in the ground, but you know, this is bigger than me. It's bigger than us. This is the fate of our people. And to me, um I'm willing to pay that price. Is it ironic you have to put your face out with us to protect yourself at that at this point? That's what we're doing, right? Yeah, that's what we're doing. This is absolutely what I uh did not want to do. I know. I can attest to that. This is not This is exactly what you did not want to do. Correct. Have you gamed it out in your head what happens next? What will likely be assuming we go forward with this interview and make it public? And that right now we don't know that that's the case. But when it comes out, if it comes out, um what happens to you then? What are the risks? Well, gaming it out. There's more than me. More will come. I could say more if I wanted to. Um, hopefully this rises to a level of public attention that demands it be addressed in a serious way. I can't cause that alone. Other people will, but more need to come. And I think at this point, I'd like to say directly to the members of our military and our intelligence community, the time is now where you must choose whether you honor your oath or your orders. And if you have courage, you already know the answer. But for the rest of you, lead follower, get out of the way. Get out of the way. We know people are coming forward and we know we've recorded George and I with other people who will be coming forward, you know, so you're not alone. Mhm. But um you say you could say more. Just explain that. When I wrote this document, I've kind of given my state of mind and the measures I took to protect it. I'm also, you know, uh familiar with ways that information can be extracted that passwords and encryption don't matter. Um so I didn't write everything down. So there are other bullets left to fire if you needed to. Yeah, the, you know, talk about things getting lost in the shelf. I highly doubt many members of the public uh read 11 pages, much less the first. Um, but at the end, uh, there's this interesting area. People might notice that it's out of order, too. Things are, uh, sequentially out of order. There's missing sections. Mhm. And that one of that last sections, it says sensitive sources from mouth to ear. Mhm. We talked we talked about keeping that in or or what to how far to go with what does that mean? Well, exactly what it says. Those words were only spoken from my mouth to another's ear. What is it like to have um absolute knowledge that not only UFOs are are real, that we've been hiding that, that our government has controlled that information away from human the the base human population um and that there is another intelligence that is engaging humanity straight up. What what does that feel like being one of the people that knows that and doesn't suspect that? Uh it's weird going to the supermarket. Okay. Uh even more it's bizarre to work in government and see legions of people who have no clue about about any of this and no clue that they are being deceived. Why should people believe you? I mean, I know I know you. I know what we've been through, but that's not public stuff to everybody. Every step we've taken. Why should people believe what you're saying? I was there. I saw it. I spent years researching it. Um, if all that I'm consulting is passage material, then we are engaged in a massive deception uh against our own military and intelligence community that I was uh a victim of uh and on a and it would have been on a scale that probably would have been its own news story. Oh, absolutely. Nonsensical madness. Yeah. So, so as a human being, why should people believe you? Well, as a human being, I feel like I'm I'm genuine, putting myself out there, sacrificing my future, my past and a lot of what I have now to do this for no gain. Yeah. You're getting nothing from us. We're just reporting because it's an important story and you're telling it because it's true. Absolutely. It is. Um, it is true. And I can't think of anything more pressing for our nation to come to terms with than the fact that we have been deceived and our rights taken away to protect the privileges of an elite few. You're not I am not going to I am not going to live my life knowing that I could have helped prevent another generation of America and humanity from living in ignorance. So let's just separate you know for our audience and people kind of meeting you for the first time. So there's certain stuff you were exposed to in an official capacity that you've come to conclusion on and that you know to be correct know to be true. Then there are extrapolations and philosophies and ideas from other types of sourcing of information and we can talk about that kind of in a separate realm and I value your opinion. And I think people will too because of your exposure to certain things you're saying and not saying. Okay. But um if we're talking just about our ideas now you have thoughts about big picture stuff who they are. Um is it more than one they uh is it us from the future ETS interdimensionals? Do you think there's anybody in government who knows? And and if you if they do know, is there any reason why this should say stay secret? At least some of it should stay secret that the public cannot handle. No. The only reason for secrecy is fear and greed. And that is the paradigm that we must confront and overcome. As for the public and what their reaction might be to this information, good, bad, indifference, I think we already have our answer. It's going to be indifference. Mhm. Unless the uh the stakes are made clear. You're an absolutist. You like rip the band-aid off. There's no band-aid. There's no wound. Mhm. This is not about protecting, healing. This is about power and control. This isn't about trying to save what's good. It's about getting rid of what's evil. Power and control meaning controlling the technology and what it would mean. Those are just means controlling humanity, everything. Um, do you suspect that there are reverse engineering programs? there have been crashes that there are attempts to replicate that technology. You got hints of it in the ARV or RV. Yeah. That we're trying to build what these things can do. Do you think we've done it that we've accomplished it? somebody. Yeah, I think uh I think we've absolutely replicated some of these capabilities in inferior forms and often times maybe disagregated from what was at once a unitary system, but we're only able to do a small part what that system does. We've seen people say they think that the tic tac is something we had 21 years ago. And I'm wondering, well, where the hell is it? I mean, if we have this technology, we've done some of it to get even inferior versions of it. Is that something that's going to be incorporated into the US military arsenal or is it something that's outside of it that's controlled by somebody who's not using it for national defense? I think the US military might be allowed to use some of this technology in the national defense, but I don't think they ultimately have control over it. you know, this is a kind of arms race. It's a technology race. Um, whoever gains the ability to effectively weaponize this, they win. We know that um UFOs due to the propulsion systems are a matter of national security and weapons of mass destruction. And we we know that. We don't think that. We've met with people that deal with that, right? Do you agree with that? Do you think that this is we are in a race with China and Russia? There's other countries competing to to weaponize this and do you think that's a problem because you've dealt with weapons of mass destruction in your official career. I think uh deterrence, strategic deterrence has migrated out of uh sorry has evolved from being um relying on nuclear weapons as the pinnacle. Mhm. Um I believe we have and others have developed the means to uh maybe utilize nuclear reactions to create some very uh dangerous effects through directed energy. Your concern is directed energy weaponry among many among many as uh but when it comes to WMDs and relations to this technology I think we have been successful in um both deriving new science Mhm. that we have then suppressed Mhm. to pre preserve a strategic advantage. And uh I think I probably don't want to talk too much more about deterrence. Somebody uh was flying these things that crashed. Somebody built these things that are being reverse engineered. Who's that somebody? And why don't why don't they come forward? I mean, you you know, you may not have seen that in a document or a file or something somewhere, but you've thought about it. You're a smart guy. What are your thoughts on the big picture questions? Who are they? Why are they here? Why don't they show us what's going on? I think I have a good degree of confidence that the reason they're here is us. I think life, especially sentient life, it's a precious thing. Um, and I think to some it might be a resource. I think humanity to some level is a resource for them. Like a commodity, possibly a commodity, possibly form of entertainment, possibly medical related. Think they live here? Yes. For all intents and purposes, always. I don't know about always, but it certainly appears that they have been here for most of recorded history. At least some element of this has been here for most of human recorded history. You think we would see them if they didn't let us see them even with our more advanced sensors that they pop up, but they can also disappear and uh do they allow us to get these glimpses? Is that a game of some sort, I wonder? Or an education process? A bizarre one that I could not understand if it is a game. I think uh they're both just as powerful as we think but also less. And I think there is there is not a single they here. Multiple multiple certainly multiple factions of the same species if not multiple species and all the complexity that brings which might be our best hope. Do do they have an agenda? There's different types. You know what what are your philosophies on this? Like who are the others? Why are they here? And you you've touched upon it. And I know we're kind of going back a little bit, but that is the big question and I just wanted to separate so people understand your exposure and your personal conclusions. So I have been exposed to no direct information on the anatomy, biology, intentions, culture, politics. Never came across those files. never came across those. I think those are all some of the deepest secrets, right? They would be if this is correct information. Mhm. Um what I have learned is that we live in a dream, a carefully constructed reality. We make use of a science that is tightly controlled and suppressed and distorted. I think we are left behind humans. I think normies the normal humans the people have been left behind us. Us. Mhm. People need to understand that we might have freedom of speech but that has been subverted. We do not have freedom of inquiry. We are blocked from learning what we need to know just in the public world. We are blocked from advancing in science. We are taught false science intentionally to prevent us from learning more. We live in the matrix. It's just much more boring than the movie. I think about whistleblowers like yourself. You're about to find out, assuming we release this, you're about to find out what the price is for coming forward. And there are other people in the same kind of position who are wondering what they should do who are basically being held in limbo. They've worked in classified uh programs their whole life. That's what they do. That's what pays their bills and they're held in limbo and that's held over their heads so they don't come forward. And they're debating uh um taking the same steps as you. There is no hope or help for anything like folks like that. Is there I mean we've heard promises we'll help whistleblowers come forward. will give them support. There are private equity funds and and organizations that say they're going to help, but we haven't seen [ __ ] so far, have we? And have you? No, I've reached out directly to uh institutions that claim that they are here to help UAP whistleblowers specifically both in the process of coming forward and any sort of stability afterwards. It's been radio silence. Um at best, at worst. uh one of those institutions has stolen my information. Um there is no organized help for whistleblowers. It is all controlled. It is all at either the special interest of industry that wants to get in on this or by the existing powers that be intelligence agencies who have infiltrated or created these things. Correct. I I have directly experienced that sadly, you know, over this last year, which is um the vacuuming up of intelligence on people such as yourself who are trying to do the right thing as whistleblowers as well as anything that reporters could possibly obtain and release. And it is a treacherous um moment in our history of this. You did a call to action to people. You told them this, you know, it's time, you know, move forward. I know that you had some encouragement with David Grush. I hope people are encouraged, you know, also by you. Um, it look man, if if if you were to die tomorrow because of whatever reason, what do you want people to know right now? Like, what do you want people to know if you're just like [ __ ] gone? You are not free. And this reality has far more to it than you have been allowed to believe. And God is real. 