The following is an interview with the author of the Immaculate Constellation report that was submitted into congressional record. Is it ironic you have to put your face out with us to protect yourself at that at this point? That's what we're doing, right? Yeah, that's what we're doing. This is absolutely what I uh did not want to do. You've worked in secret programs. You've got clearances. You've made oaths that you would keep secrets. Um, let's talk about secrecy and the UAP topic. Shouldn't it be secret to some degree? I mean, we have uh there's a race for the technology to try to understand it. We have adversary nations who'd love to get it ahead of us. Why not keep this stuff secret? Well, if it was just technology that we are worried about protecting and maintaining a military advantage, uh, you know, there's strong arguments to be made and have successfully been made for decades in this country that the American leadership and American people seem to be finding acceptable to be left in the dark about, you know, where science, technology, and their military is taking them. This isn't just technology. This isn't something somebody came up with in a lab and it's sensitive because once the cats have the bag, anybody can do it. Fundamentally, this comes from and is secondary to the what we've been told is the biggest question which is is humanity alone? The answer is no. Uh and the secrecy that has been defended uh is at the cost of in my mind human dignity, freedom and progress. And it is no longer permissible or acceptable in my mind to uh to continue this course to deprive another generation of not just Americans but humanity of their birthright to know who they are, where they came from, and what's with us. Could you give us a general description of the size of the secrecy apparatus? You know, we're going to drill down into this, of course, about incon um in one particular uh facet of the secrecy that you came across and other parts of it, but how big of a secrecy apparatus is it? How many stove pipes are there? How many people are involved in different ways of keeping this secret, confusing the public, lying to Congress, lying to the world? Simply put, it's a parallel reality. Um the secrecy apparatus uh is all pervasive. It is not just in the intelligence community governing their world. It's not just in the military protecting their operations. It's not protecting diplomats and leaders as they conduct their work sometimes in very dangerous places. It has been allowed to corrupt and infest every aspect of our society uh to serve the interests and whims of a very elite select few. And it's been used to intimidate, threaten, destroy the lives of people like yourselves who have been doing their job, keeping their oaths, trying to protect their country, being true to humanity and and have paid prices for it. Absolutely. This has been um a difficult process for you um for me and you, you know, kind of going through this. I I've seen what you've gone through personally with this. Um you're taking a a personal hit, like a a painful risk just talking to us, just doing this finally after all this time. I think I understand why you're explaining something philosophical what you believe about the secrecy just personally like what what is the step for you to do this like why I I I need to understand why why are you telling this to everybody now now there's no short answer it's something you know I I have many uh not even competing but parallel motivations but why now uh look out at the world. Look inside our country. We are not headed to a good future. You're concerned. I am. Explain the concern. Uh ultimately my biggest fear is what humanity will do to itself out of fear and greed and what we have done. And we have built a prison around ourselves. It's invisible but it's not complete. And there is still time to maybe alter our trajectory. have a different future. May not be the best one that we had hoped for, but it's going to be damn side better than what they have planned for us. You know, there's no going back after you tell us this on camera. We had this conversation. There's this is it. This is the line in the sand. You're about to cross over here. Absolutely. I am uh on a personal level giving up the future that I made for myself and was going to try to make for a family. Um, I'm proud of what I accomplished in my time in government and it's painful to leave the good people there and to know that uh there really isn't room for people to act according to their conscience and our constitutional ideals on the inside. Is it your belief based on materials, things that you've been exposed to, that you've seen, people you've talked to and communicated with over a period of a couple of years? Is it your belief that this the technology, the race for the technology, the understanding of the big secret is entirely in the hands of people outside the government and not for the benefit of the public or to protect American national security? It's it's in some other realm, in some other hands. I think it's a mix. Um you know I think our military you know has a long historic involvement in this. So does our intelligence community and our scientific academic community. We have as a country allowed ourselves to be penetrated, co-opted and corrupted by an internationalist force that serves their interests and views nations, peoples as as tools and means to an end. like a business cabal international corporations that have no loyalty to any nation, let alone this one. That's a large part of it. I think uh we go have to go above that too to start to explain that the degree of the level of deception and the level of commitment they've had to maintaining that deception. It's above just monetary gain and power. They're afraid. George and I have talked about whistleblowers that come to us and we protect them. We don't often report on when people come to us. Um we're doing this now. You know what are the repercussions? What people talk about whistlers being afraid and there's one set of being afraid which is uh when you're squeezed by outside entities you know that are [ __ ] with you which has happened to you and we'll talk about that. But what are the just the legal implications of what you're about to talk to us today? Tell me the gravity right now. What are you facing? Well, I want our audience to understand what it means for you to talk to us right now. What could happen to you? My uh hope is that the stakes are uh not paid out. Um but they are life imprisonment and the possibility of execution. And you've tried all the right ways. I've helped you on some of it. We've tried You have tried all the right way right ways to do this. But you have something much bigger that that is pushing on you that you have to take this next step forward. And so now I I just want people to understand where you're coming from. When we say we protect whistlebl. Yeah. Let's do uh chronological. So you got a degree in what? Uh so I got a degree in international affairs, came out to DC, started working in a small think tank. Uh from there I uh applied to and was accepted to a intelligence agency. Ended up taking a job uh at the at the Pentagon. Um basically waiting for the right opportunity for that world to to pop up. Um, what was which when it did uh I you know was having too much fun so I said no. You're in the Pentagon weapons of mass destruction as a general umbrella under which you're you're working. Did you got a security clearance at that point? Yeah, I had been cleared by DIA for a top secret uh SEI clearance. You get to see, I guess, firsthand all this different information that comes in from all over these places, different platforms, right? You're exposed to that and you get an idea of just how big that apparatus is. Yes. Yes. Absolutely. Um, UFOs and aliens aside, it's a it it's a different world without anything exotic in it when you are exposed and to that information and learning over time, not just from the intelligence, but the experiences of the people around you cuz uh not everything that's true and has happened in the world is written down on paper. I mean, you're given a lot of roles and responsibilities. It gives you access to very sensitive information. When you said SCI, that's secret compartmentalized information is the acronym. sensitive compartmentalized information. I always Yeah, it's probably right. So, you'd know better than I mean, but I'm just saying, you know, you are a a sane human being. You're given a lot of these responsibilities. Um, you know, you I I just think it's important for people to understand. So, you have access to very critical information through the United States government. They're separate from the UFOs and the alien, you know, topic that we're going to talk about for the world. For the world, for the US and the world. Yes. And and that weighs heavy on you, I'm sure. like you're you're really looking to defend the United States of America where you live and you are looking at information that is just highly sensitive. I think it's important for people to know good people like you doing great jobs in there. You had access and responsibilities. People trust you and that that's you can't get there without that. It is um yeah it's a very uh burdensome uh role. I I feel deeply for the people who have been there for many years. Um there's a lot of hidden suffering that comes from it, but it is a you know I I thought it was a noble and good mission. I still do. And risks I I imagine there's all kinds of information that comes across your desk and that desk of other people you're working with at that point about weapons of mass destruction. The movement of nuclear weapons or suddenly material that disappears and where did it go? Black market. um uh biological weapons research, things that are going on around the world that we need to keep an eye on, right? And things that never make the news. Uh you're absolutely right. Yeah. There there is uh like I said, there is a whole many there's many worlds. There's many shells to our reality that the public, including our professional media class, our professional academic class, our political class, has absolutely no idea exists. And if they do have an idea, they have a very distorted one, sometimes intentionally. So, I mean, you're not like um some secret agent. You're not like some secret agent. So, like so people understand when you're working in at the Pentagon is where we're at in the thing. I mean, this is we have a lot of great people that are bright-minded working on these problems for the United States, keeping the United States safe, looking at geopolitical aspects of nuclear weaponry, that kind of thing. But just to be clear, I mean, you're not like some secret agent with more access than anybody else or anything like that. No, I uh never uh wanted to be a field officer. I danced with the idea in in my dreams maybe and read the books, but uh I knew that wasn't for me. Um, especially the the the task and the cost of befriending and manipulating and ultimately using people. Um, I don't think I would have been very good at that. Like human human intelligence and false friendship. Exactly. Does that stuff come across your desk? Human intelligence signals intelligence regarding weapons and mass sources. All sources intelligent. All sources of intelligence. Um, and then if there are questions, go ask them and usually get the answers. And the kinds of things that you see that come across your desk, does it give you pause? How am I going to sleep tonight knowing that this XYZ is going on somewhere? Um, at times when they think, "Holy crap, how did this happen?" Everyone has like their different standard of what's going to, you know, shake them like that. And I've definitely had a few of those. Um, I won't share them, but Yeah. But I mean, just with security, very national security kind of stuff, right? stuff unrelated to exotic things that are very gorgeous world out there. Okay. You're there for a while. You do that for how many years? Oh, see, I was in there a little over four years, but I was in the Pentagon a little over five cuz I moved uh out of there briefly into uh the under secretary of defense for intelligence and a smaller office in there. We've heard of that office. We have heard of that office. Um what um was it a different sort of work or the same thing just for a different ball? Same field. uh different work, different boss, different community. So, you're working for a contractor, but you're working at the Pentagon on Pentagon business. And that's sort of a model that is used for all kinds of programs, right? Yeah. Um that's that's the industry in DC. You have to have a buffer of some sort. Why Why is it Why is that necessary? Well, you have government management and they're supposed to be the ones that, you know, they sign the checks, make the final decisions, but yet most of the staff is contractors, military people on detail, people on fellowships from, you know, either think tanks or universities. Um, so you get to be familiar with stove pipes and how, you know, you could be working on this and the guy may be in the office next to you or the desk next to you is working on something else and you don't know what they're working on. Yeah. Yeah, I mean that it can be that way. Uh my experience was more that we had a team. It was all more or less on the same information level, but then there'd be other teams that yeah, they have their own. So, it's not quite uh as isolated. I've heard from others it can be just, you know, it's you and no one else around you knows what you're doing. Um you got a company, it's a contractor that's working there in the Pentagon. How much oversight is there from the actual Pentagon, the military of a contractor's work? Well, I mean the day-to-day is overseen by the government. Um, so in that sense it's it's there. And is that generally true for all the contractor programs that we'll be getting into later that somebody in the military or IC is is looking at what that contractor does? No, I couldn't say. Right. Yeah. I could not say. We got the one degree and then you you went on to try to get a master's. Yeah. I uh went to George Washington University Masters of Security Policy Study. uh got to the point where I had a thesis to submit uh and then I started working at the Pentagon, took a break and uh kind of got caught up in the churn as the term is. Right. I'm curious about just what it's like to work at the Pentagon. I mean to think you're driving to work there. It is the heart and soul of the national security of our country. Uh you're doing important work, weapons of mass destruction in the biggest office building in the world. Uh I would think there'd be a lot of satisfaction in that, but I wonder what daytoday is like. Are you under surveillance? Do you have to do polygraphs? Can you tell your wife what you're doing? Do you uh socialize with colleagues or do you have to worry about what you say to whom and where? Yeah. So, I mean, starting with the first part, um I think for me at least, yeah, it was what I I finally made it, right? I'm at I'm working at the Pentagon. Uh I It's cheesy, but I felt pride pretty much every single day that I rolled in there. That's not cheesy. That's awesome. And uh it was I was very fortunate to join a uh an office that cared a lot about their people, not just um their performance at work, but uh their their goals, their desires, and how they were getting on uh with life in general. Um fewer places are like that. Um but I look back on that time with a lot of with a lot of happiness. How do things begin to sour? Is it because of this topic that we're going to discuss? Yes. Let's take it from there. When when does that start? What what's your first exposure? I mean, were you like a UFO guy like before? I mean, like there's something that happened and there there was an instigator, right? But it's like um you know, were you like a UFO guy all your years back or to some degree? I've always been interested in aliens and UFOs, uh secret histories, the things that are hidden from us. It's been a lifelong kind of passion. It's not always aliens, you know. It's while I was always interested in these things, they were never they were only a realm of possible. And when I looked at UFOs in a serious way as I was more uh in my like college years, you I got just not exposure but uh you know started learning about the sort of ecosystem of secrecy uh in the military-industrial complex. uh what saps are, what caps are, and you you you start to realize like, oh yeah, there there's a good chance a lot of what these UFO things are are some really cool stuff that we have. Uh whether it's in the air, under the water, or uh right in front of you. You're not getting a job at the Pentagon because you want to get access to the UFO scenes. No, no. When I joined, I thought uh you know, I'd pretty much locked down that you know, there might be life out there, but most I think most what we're seeing in the skies at that time I thought was either ours or uh ally or adversary. You don't go over the deep end. You're not going to muon conferences. Uh you're not wearing a beanie and alien stuff on your head. No, no. In fact, uh you know, I would be looked at like I had a third eye just by suggesting they were stealth satellites. I mean, in fact, like you've never been to like a UFO conference or anything like that, have you? No. No. Right. That's not your style. No. You're a very analytically minded person. That's something I've I've learned. Um I bet you're [ __ ] really good at your job because just the way our communications, the way you deep dive into research. That's a talent to be able to pull a lot big source information, all source information, and kind of come to conclusions. You that you that is one of your skill sets. Yeah, absolutely. Um, did you ever work 9 to5 because you're kind of a workaholic, right? I mean, you go over the top. Yeah. Yeah. Um, you know, I really liked the Pentagon. I learned an immense amount there and I would stay there till the wee hours of the morning. Um, learning, which is also how you found out information about the topic topic we're going to discuss. I delved too deeply. And you came across this sort of accident. 100% accidentally. Uh well sorry the immaculate constellation piece of this 100% accidentally um before I was exposed to that you know I had seen UAP on military videos in the Pentagon um but nothing that suggested you know origin uh intent uh or in the level of detail that you know I came to find later you know how so explain that to the average like how do you just come across UFO videos in the Pentagon. What does that mean? What? Tell somebody who has no idea how that happens. So, you have a clearance and there's a secret internet and on that secret internet there's just a generic access like you and I. Uh, it's all very secret sensitive stuff, but more or less everyone can look at what's on there. Then you know you have on this secret internet uh some compartmentation light compartmentation uh as it were and then there's entirely different systems for truly truly uh sensitive stuff. But the point is is that there is uh essentially you know a shared a shared community of knowledge uh and it goes back you know just like our own internet it goes back uh over decades. If you have a top secret clearance, you go on JWix, you can pretty much go and see whatever is on there except for special compartmentalized stuff. Yeah, pretty much. Or things that you know are just uh people protect their business processes. So, who would be putting UFO type or UAP videos on on there? How does that happen? How do they end up there? uh service members and intelligence officers uh who for one reason or another uh decided to put that footage there. What's the first UFO video you see? What did you think of it? Military film footage of a UFO. What What did you uh what was that like? Well, technically the first true like military footage was that I saw uh was that Tic Tac video and the Go Fast video and um I think there is one other else uh the gimbal video that all came out in 2017. Um granted I didn't see those on military systems but just being uh precise here. Yeah. Um, and so things that I saw after that kind of looked like all that but just uh much more duration. Uh, the videos, you know, it's the internet uh whether it's secret or not. There's compression, there's upload and file sizes. So, some things are crystal clear, but it's only 15 seconds. Um, some things you can see 45 minutes of something moving around, but it's kind of blurry cuz that's a lot of data. So, you seem crystal clear at times. um videos of what appear to be, would you say, um non-human intelligence made craft? I mean, what you see evidence that the the rest of the world doesn't get to see. That starts happening. Yeah. Um nothing in those videos necessarily proves it's extraterrestrial or nonhuman. It certainly is anomalous, exotic, and unexplainable and advanced. Yes. Beyond our capabilities that you know of. I don't know. Mhm. Some of it might have might have been with within our capabilities to replicate even in an inferior manner but quite a lot of it um you know it's either something else or uh we live in a world where we have been left behind. 2017 these stories come out, New York Times and other media, the videos become known that sparks your curiosity and you start looking around for that kind of stuff or it would just come across your desk and a uh in front of your eyes naturally. Yeah. So, not looking for that stuff. Did you have access to live feeds? Yes. So, live feeds real time, you could go into like a Reaper drone and see if there's something going on. just I mean not that you're specifically looking for UFOs, but you had access even to live feeds. Yeah. Um you know, not anything special, no special access, but you know, you you know where those resources are. You can go look at them and I did. Um I want to go back to this. You said with these nuclear facilities, nuclear weapons, nuclear labs, nuclear power plants that within a year or two like are you saying all of them get visited or there some strange phenomena? I can't say that they all do, but I would I would suspect that, you know, anything that is uh sufficiently nuclear uh will draw attention at some point and will be uh they will be encountering this. And what are they? What what are you seeing? What what kinds of things are you seeing? So, I mean, nothing too dramatic when it comes to like these facilities. A lot of times it's it's of uh you know, it's hard to always judge the size, but I'd be surprised if it's bigger than a Cessna, probably something somewhere in between. Um whether it's white or silverish or if you're looking through different sensor apparati, uh it'll, you know, look like whatever hot or cold is. Uh um but usually orbs around these facilities. sometimes things that look a bit more irregular. Mhm. Um but the vast majority being orbs. I mean the world's been exposed to some of this. There's been a clarification to the general public about what are you seeing when you're seeing infrared or fleer. It takes some translation. There are people that focus on that and like they can read that. But basically um you're looking at things that don't have flight control surfaces that don't have traditional propulsion. they seem to tag them on which we've heard forever with nuclear events and that kind of thing, nuclear structure. Um, but you you you see a lot of these you start getting exposed to them. I mean, just to begin, doesn't that does that start or doesn't that start to kind of um feed that curiosity in you? You just all of a sudden the average person, but you're now seeing stuff that you can't Yeah. You have to be a special kind of boring to not be interested after sort of those dates. is shocking especially knowing the context of what you're looking at right which you get when you have those systems that can look at that 100% what's the context like like big picture like what's what's the context yeah and in this in this way it you seeing images is there discussion is there text that comes along with this hey we we saw this thing what the hell is it it's not us surprisingly little of that I think um the community kind of knows or knew we don't talk about this it's there. Um, you know, that changed uh some years ago, but it's since been, I think, uh, shut down again in terms of like, you know, community participation and solving the problem. So, people within the intelligence community know, you don't talk about this out loud. You don't say the quiet part out loud. You post stuff. You kind of get then you get an era of discussion when this starts coming forward. 2017 New York Times story. But then you're you're explaining that there's been a kind of clampdown on that dialogue and discussion. I've heard that from a lot of people on the inside. You witnessed that too. Uh yes, absolutely. Both firsthand and from you know hearing from friends and connections. I guess uh uh the screws were tightened and um certain agencies you're not allowed to me mention certain whistleblowers names or you'll be fired immediately. So there's no announcement on the PA system. There's no uh leaflets left in the cafeteria. No memo put out that says don't talk about this stuff. But you know Yeah. Yeah. Um you you pick up on that vibe real quick. When you say there's certain whistleblowers names you can't mention. This brings me back to a friend of ours went when George was doing his news report on Bob Lazar. First time it was going to air. He just said when he was up at Area 52. He just said, "Hey, you should pay attention to the news." His career was over. He got pulled into a room the next day. I would call him a friend of ours. Um I interviewed him about it. I mean that was done. He just mentioned that to to watch George's news report. Again, we're not equating Bob Lazar to to to anything. What we're just saying that happened. So, what do you mean? If you mention certain whistlers who who David Grush, you can't mention David Grush in certain professional settings or you are [ __ ] Yeah. If you're not fired, you are uh in for a very rough time is my understanding. Alzando. You know, I didn't hear Alzando as a no-go word. saying David look David Gush testified in con open congress so that makes sense so you what have you seen it happen have you seen people like mention his name how do you become aware you can't even talk about him so that specific uh example uh heard from a friend at that agency that was essentially the uh word of mouth from management nothing written in paper nothing in emails but from what it sounds like uh people got a conversation with their leadership and we're told as much as we've just gone over. Um, and his name was absolutely the firstand experience sort of radioactive in the chat rooms. It would either all of a sudden these people that um never participate are there really slamming him and slamming the people talking about him on the classified internet. Indeed, our space is one we've talked about a bunch, but these these where people had open dialogue, it just got to clamp down and his name was part of that. That's what you meant when you said certain people are radioactive. You can't mention their names, right? Okay. Kundas and Yeah. No, we're nuclear. He's radioactive with different designation. Yeah. So, you're seeing these videos and some limited discussion. You can't really openly talk about it, but you're curious. You're you're kind of hooked on the topic. Yeah. And and to be clear, uh uh 2018 when this first exposure happened and for about a few years after, it was more it did at least feel more open. Looking back on it, this was probably a counter intelligence prerogative at the time. Um, but it was allowed to exist. The discussion was allowed to exist and it felt more like, you know, people were excited to finally actually be able to talk about this and finally be able to try to compare notes, figure it out. Well, that's when the UAP task force was created. They didn't call it that, but it was up and running and they were trying to make in treaties out to the intelligence community and DoD. Hey, they wanted input from and and partners on Yeah. So, I I saw that emerge and I saw it die. I saw it die. Mhm. And when you say exposure, we're going to get into this, but you mean it technically it's called spillage. It's when you see something that is of a compartmentalized or nature that you are not specifically cleared to see and you were exposed to something and it was like, holy [ __ ] what is this? And the first thoughts of that I'm interested in. So if we're at that point, yeah, okay, so let's talk about that. Look, the whole world knows about imconulate constellation. We're saying that word out loud. Mhm. Um, at one time that was very dangerous to say out loud, to write, to text. We should talk about that. But before, this is your gateway. This is the the entrance point. What happened? How did it happen? What did you see? What did you think? Yeah. So, the first exposure uh or the exposure to Macly constellation uh happened on a shared server that was shared by all the offices in OSD. Um what I was doing through at what I was doing at the time was opening files that were clearly misfiled and either sorting them to our offic's uh you know part of that uh server or putting them in their own box to be sorted by other responsib um you come across a file that really is what leads us to being here today. It's uh this it's the Shriber file. Yeah. So, it was labeled um 2018 Shrivever war game. Might have been brief or something else, but that's it. Um there's nothing about that that screams, you know, it's a very interesting thing. In fact, usually a lot of war game briefs are pretty boring. Um so, there's nothing that stood out about it. Accidental exposure for you? 100%. You you go into it and what do you see? Uh there's a just a generic title slide. There's a banner without classification markings that just says Immaculate Constellation and it has a a placeholder slide that shows like the Shrivever war or Shrivever air base logo and the some logos of the units involved. Um but at that time I believe it would have still been like Air Force Space Command adjacent. Uh so still nothing particularly uh stunning. I think the name at the top probably just the name of the exercise. Um, so the next slide though is where it gets interesting. Uh, cuz the face of Lu Alzando is on that next slide and that was not who I was expecting to see and it was accompanied by text. Um, to summarize uh, please have some grace with me. It's been 7 years. But it was saying that Immaculate Constellation is an unagnowledged special access program uh established after the exposure of ATIP in 2017 by former USDI officer Luellando. Uh and you know that that's the gist of that first slide. And so I'm looking at that and you know nothing particularly uh convincing that that's alien related or what the sap is or what it's doing. Um so I don't know what to make of this. So I read the whole thing and uh yeah it got very interesting very quick. So it's designated a sap. You know this is a sap. It's sitting on a server maybe it shouldn't be on. Correct. Right. So I think that's important. And also it seems like it's just a response to the the public spillage or exposure that that we saw come forward with people like and specifically Lou Alzando. This was like an internal classified response to the fact, oh [ __ ] some of this is out now. Yeah, that's exactly the tone um uh of those words of that slide. That's the implied uh order of events that led to being established. It was like 2018 maybe. Yeah, the the file was at least last accessed in 2018. Um I can't remember if it did say, you know, the file creation date or if I looked it up, but I know it was last accessed. Can you see who's accessed it prior to you? I can. And and what did you see? So, everyone says that I'm wrong. It's impossible, but the name I recall and recalled at the time thinking, "Oh, that's odd." Was name redacted. And did you know who that was? Vaguely. uh at that time I you know people are considered superstars in leadership circles so you just hear names like that and that's what her name was. Why would that be impossible? Why are people now in retros why are people telling you that would be impossible? Oh she wasn't at the Pentagon then. Mhm. Where was she? She was at the Pentagon to my knowledge but they're saying she wasn't there. Right. Interesting. So all right so Shrivever War Games you keep reading there's a a big slide with Lou Alzando's face on it. What comes next? I mean, you get a sense that I shouldn't be able to read this here. No, not yet, actually. Um, to be clear, at that point in time, I had no formal training in what saps were. There was no sap marking on this, just a name, immaculate constellation. Um, the the opening slide, you know, just we would call it improperly labeled, um, improperly classified. What was it? What what did it show? So the the next slide, the third slide about uh just jumps straight into the the mission of this app and showing what uh apparently the results of that mission are. And it's um a a collection incident in the Pacific Ocean. Uh the subject of collection is uh several Russian naval intelligence vessels in the middle of the ocean at night. And above those vessels is a large black triangle uh floating in the air. This is a still image but it is a color. Okay. So that's the first kind of event. But what was the mission? What was the mission? That's what people want to know is what was the mission of Immaculate Constellation as described in the product. So in the product itself, you had to piece together the mission um by reading the whole thing and kind of putting together the parts. uh you know it never spelled out fully like as it should uh the mission of the SAP and I assume that's because this is a type of brief where there will be inserts to the deck which would be inserted by the SAP control officer during the briefing that would provide another level of detail. Uh but based on the information included in there and its description um the mission becomes apparent and that is a bare minimum. It's the, you know, uh, intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance, uh, mission of glo of a global nature for UAPs and, uh, RVs, ARVs. The hesitation there is, uh, some time has passed. Uh, one of those acronyms is in there, either RV or ARV, and that is uh, how the triangle in this case was labeled. It's been seven years. So, as you're reading through this and and that you you're remembering RV or ARB just for our audience. So RV is you know um reverse reproduction reproduction vehicle and then ARV would mean alien you know reproduction you know we see uh you know yeah people in the literature say alien reproduction vehicle it could just be anomalous advanced or advanced it could be anything that can go after a you so you don't know what that is but I don't this is a pretty interesting uh image here it is and then the text that accompanies it describes the incident and what what can you tell Yeah, the summary of that is just the how how it unfolded. Um I should I should actually back up and say the image itself was unique. Uh this isn't by a plane or a satellite. Uh it it looks to be a image pretty close to the waterline. Uh so something that to me read is we have a clandestine submersible asset close by this fleet and it's taking pictures uh trying to stay unnoticed. Um and so yes, in the description it it basically lays out what what occurred that night. Uh which was that the the our collection assets were there in area monitoring Russian naval vessels. Uh not sure what they're doing there. Um but they've been hanging out in the middle of the ocean in this place apparently for a few days. Keep an eye on him. This night uh while they are observing the Russian vessels, a large black triangle materializes or decloaks or something. The point is is it did not move. It appeared above the directly above these ships probably no more than 200 m. Pretty close. And interestingly, as noted in the report itself, there was no visible reaction from these vessels from what would almost certainly be considered a hostile approach. What do what do you u what do you take away from that? They didn't notice it or they're not upset about it or they don't know what to do with it or or what? So the implication also in the text describing it was uh or sorry I should say the analysis in the text was that the Russian Navy uh had fornowledge that this vehicle would appear in that area of the ocean and they were there specifically to either collect on it themselves or to interact with it in some way. any indication that it might be theirs, that they knew it's going to be there because they control it? Not in that document. Um, and I haven't seen anything to make me think uh that they controlled that particular craft, but didn't see anything to the contrary either. I guess it could be that they've seen it before that there's nothing they can do about it, so don't get excited about it. Might be. Although, it is interesting, you know, if it's something that's part of their environment as it were. Why are they making an effort to be in this space at this time to collect on something they already know about? Is it like in the middle of nowhere? Yeah, it's off the coast of Campka is as I recall um in the Pacific Ocean. That's what struck me. I mean, my mind goes to the idea that they were kind of camped out, you know, deep uh kind of ocean in this one specific area durationally. Um, it kind of implies to me, if I'm thinking outside the box here, there's some form of um, comms or communication with whoever the operators are of this craft. Am I going too far with that idea or I think it's a reasonable one to have. Um, but it's not one that I can like validate. Yeah, let's be clear. You were exposed to something. We're just touching the basics here. We're we're we're theorizing. We're talking about a bunch of stuff we don't know. But the descriptions that you were exposed to kind of give you a little insight that we can at least look at some of those assumptions. Right. Right. Absolutely. And I'm sure there's a literature out there that can help narrow down. Mhm. So, immaculate constellation. You've never heard this uh uh term before. Um and it doesn't give you the full picture there, but what other additional information did it give about what this was and how it operates? just described the events and that analysis of the event of the Russians having foreign knowledge to be there um and describing how the event occurred as I just went over. So this is a page turner. So you you know you interested. You're curious now. Absolutely. What do you do next? What do you go to the next page and it was disappointing cuz we get into a couple slides of orbs and I had already seen orbs at this point in official setting. So the next pages show orbs from different parts of the world. Mhm. It looks like the pattern is that there's that under this immaculate constellation they're gathering UAP images from all over the planet. Absolutely. I mean that's the core of it, right? Um is the idea that we uh collect data on these UAP and someone needs to bring them coalate them together to provide intel to who needs it. And we're assuming or not assuming it's been pretty laid out that Macket constellation was a a a kind of place to bring everything together to provide those briefings to senior leadership. Is that correct? I don't know about to provide briefings but definitely to to uh collect data from the military intelligence enterprise specifically and the sensors associated with that and yes to to collect that data centralize it and have it there for presumably both analysis and you know operational needs. Mhm. The Shriber War Games document with the images 12 pages 15 pages somewhere in there. Yeah. Yeah. 12 to 15, but probably more like Yeah. 12. And is that the only document you ever saw where the term immaculate constellation was used until I wrote one? Yeah. And we'll get into that. But instead of like go through p people be so curious. So what comes on the fourth page? Talk us through the pages. Just go ahead. On the next episode of Weaponized, when I was in USDI, I read the transcripts of Sean Kpatrick uh briefing Senator Rubio, Senator Warren, and Senator Gillibrand on the results of his investigation in his congressionally tasked Arrow report. You know, I read these transcripts once uh and immediately knew that [Music] uh yeah, veiled threat. No, I I knew that I was now something else. I was in I had inside knowledge into the deception of our government by elements of our intelligence community. My blood ran cold at a specific point in that transcript where Mr. Rubio is discussing uh the legacy program. This was a subject of direct discussion with Sean Kurpatre in these meetings. And based on Mr. Patrick's replies about uh as vague as they were uh but unable to escape the truth of the legacy program. Mr. Rubio's response was, "Well, what the hell is the executive branch doing? Have they been running this for 60 years without congressional oversight?" The process of Grush coming forward left awake on the inside, too. Uh people were tracking that, weren't even involved, but were able to see sort of the distortions on the inside. Distortions of truth. Exactly. and but also you know bureaucracies and offices behaving weirdly. Um that was one of the moments that really uh started to convince me that this was this was not um under under our government's control. 