I fly out to California and I meet with Michael Shelonburgger. Mhm. Um I told him, "Hey, I got a story for you. Would you like to chat with me?" Mhm. Um you know, I had met him previously very briefly, totally something unrelated. um and his work on the Twitter files defending, you know, free speech against a very uh pervasive and insiduous censorship regime regime that our government even before the Biden administration had implemented. Uh inspired me that he would do the right thing. Logical, great choice. You know, that was my hope is to have a lot of journalists working on this from different angles who you can trust, who are honest. So that's where your head's at. Yeah. So, we have a good we have a good meeting. Um, I I show him the document. This has been cleared by state, you know. Uh, you know, I I would prefer to like maybe cut it down because it's pretty long, right? Um, but you get to look at it and are you interested? The answer is yes. We're going to do a story. Um, that's in summer of 24, I believe. Early summer, late spring. So with that in hand and knowing that I had at least tap tapped Sask and [ __ ] um thought it was okay to move forward with that story and then try to talk to House uh with you know the full details. Um in the meantime before that story came out you know it takes time to vet things. uh he has to look into me just you know find out who I am look into the details of what I'm alleging you know I know the pro George and I know the process well so it takes months you know so I got some time and in that time um I for the first time get connected with uh David Grush have a very enlightening conversation with him and at his suggestion uh he connected me with with you um and that is how how we came to to meet and I'm looking uh not to report on what you're saying initially I'm looking to help you achieve the goal that we're all fighting for, which is getting the people asking for it, the information. This doesn't have to be public. It doesn't have to be a a public display. This is let's facilitate these conversations. That's where we started. I'm not really doing journalism work with you. I'm trying to just help the process go. That's how that was my head space. Yeah. I was asking Gretch like I'm having a real hard time a meeting themselves and b just even talking to anybody in house. Who's the guy to go to? And it was you. Okay. So, uh that was our the nature of our meeting. George and I have had a great relationship trying to help facilitate information, knowledge, and human beings in for this sort of thing. So, it it makes sense. It was a good move. We did well with David Grush. Uh so, George and I's our role oftent times is to connect people. We we are reporters. It is to break stories, tell the news. Um but really a lot of what I was personally doing was trying to facilitate help facilitate the process they're asking for. Um at that time we had had a great hearing. Uh David Grush uh also fra who had to beg to testify. Um it it was great. It was a success. Everything was clean on that one on that hearing. This was a new thing, a new era. It it felt different from the get-go, but the idea was we're going to have another set of hearings. I'm all for that. They tapped me to try to help connect them with people and George. And so we've had many calls through many process and and now I'm out there to have meetings directly about firsthand people with firsthand experience who can directly testify about this whether they talk publicly or not. This is the information you need. So I go to have these established meetings. You and I meet. I do uh you know physically and we talk about it and you want to come with me and I can bring you in but I can't let them know because we're still trying to protect you trying to protect your identity. So it was kind of like we'll talk about it more in depth later but a kind of harrowing experience. You were very nervous. I mean it was like you're exposing yourself in the in the you know in those meetings. Absolutely. Right. And just by walking into those offices or the the buildings those offices are in. Right. Right. Very public. Very public. So, we kind of hid you in the in the camera crew, the way I say it, and that you were walking with us, but but and getting into the buildings, but I asked each member, I said, "Okay, you wanted direct people. I have one here to speak with you. Everybody needs to leave the room, including the cameras. It'll just be us. Is that cool?" And and each one, although they gave us wisdom along the way as we did our progression of getting you right in front of people to give them your quick testimony and some documentation. So that's what we went through and we go in and there you are. You you're sitting in front of and you know somebody with position. I just want to know what did that feel like first of all that that that moment where you got to finally get to them? Uh I mean in the moment it just was somber, serious. Um also you know nervous. I got to I got like you know it's 5 minutes but I only have probably like a minute to speak. Bro, you were sweating. You were stressed. I mean, it was it was intense. So, getting Yeah. getting the most important information across and also establishing my credibility as fast as possible. Uh, and I was making sure you weren't a [ __ ] plant. You know, to be honest, that was part of the process is making sure he'd say the same thing to um, you know, to to Congress that that to members that that he said to me. Not that I didn't believe you and I had done the vetting and I I I was there. But I want to hear you say it, show it so you're not trying to ent trap me. I mean, honestly, that's part of my thing. Um, man, we got through that, didn't we? It did. Worked well. It did. Mhm. So, you come out of that thinking, "Okay, all right. This is good. I made contact. We'll see where it goes." Mold. Yeah. It was pretty strong. Yeah. I mean, at this point in time, I'm very uh actually skeptical is not the right word. I do not believe did not believe that this would work in Congress, but I knew that the attempt had to be made. We had to try. We had to try. I knew that I alone wasn't big enough or important enough to to shift the tides of history there to shift what apparently the executive branch had decided which was we are going to squash this and anybody that tries to bring it up we are going to uh you know silence cut out uh and disparage. They were asking for whistleblowers and there we are and he is blowing the whistle on this and that's what they were asking for. So for me it was a big win for them to meet you face to face cuz I knew down the line if this was going to progress. Look, you would have testified. Let's get real clear on this. They were asking for it. You would have testified. You were not asking to testify. You're saying here's the little piece that I have. But you you said in that room that you would if if requested. I would if asked. And I did not want to do it at the upcoming hearing. Of course, because that was very close and I in no way felt ready to do that. But you put the ball in their court. You said you would. They didn't ask, right? And we got to There's a whole thing about that, but just you really put it out there. I did. Yeah. Okay. I think um it'll take quite a change in our present circumstances for anybody to ever testify under oath on this subject again in a way that would make a difference. Mhm. I think uh they know the power of in in an open hearing, putting your hand on the Bible and swearing that you're going to speak nothing but the truth and doing so. It's symbolic and it's very valuable and that is why I believe that they are desperately attempting to deny well it saw, you know, we don't got to rehash it. That's what we saw at the second hearing. Absolutely controlled. Uh, Representative Burchett testified to it by saying it publicly that the executive branch um did limit what could be said and by who and George has brought that up a bunch when you know so so I agree. The executive branch in the halls of Congress determining what the business of Congress is and not even through the courtesy of a phone call to the vice president or the president but through minions and stooges. Mhm. Unelected probably CIA. Yeah. Oh, certainly. Yeah. When you when you hear about the lineup for the hearing that was held, you got to be feeling pretty good about it. Oh, yeah. It's going to be a witness. He's going to talk about Immaculate Constellation and not just a witness on his own next to uh Lou Alzando, Tim Galedet, and this guy I've never heard of before, but seems nice. Nick Gold or Mike Gold. They're thinking, "All right, good. All right, it's going to come out." We were all pumped. Did you know what exactly what was going to be discussed by the Shelonburgger at that point? Yes. I mean, I knew it was going to be, you know, me uh and my words and my report because the two of you met with them the night before the hearing. Well, yeah. And I mean, I had met with Michael to give him the story. I assume like there's no mystery here why they're bringing him. Yeah, there was a lot before that, too. But um I mean I have a a two plus month process of prompting trying to get something on congressional record knowing that what your your testimony was valuable. It wasn't just like spur of the moment. There's a process. It was a three major meetings that occurred to validate the information that um that you provided to me. It it's not just like um so getting on something on congressional record is a little bit uh more tricky than than people think. they they have to have time with it. So I very slowly with your authorization over those months had in-person meetings not just you being there but then working with them showing them the information so they had time to vet it. They're worried about getting scammed too right. So it was a process. It was a process that for me was very arduous personally. There were a lot of phone conversations that we sat in on with the house staff and um and they got curiouser and curiouser as the the people who were in on these these conversations with us on the other national security folks just popping in on a meeting that I'm supposed to be having with them, you know, they wanted to know what assets George and I have to visually show them. We were going to provide them. They were saying at one point that we were going to testify and I said, "Cool. And I want to give something substantial to the American public. This is what I want to give them." Well, you know, at some point they're trying to get us into a skiff. And my federal lawyer, our federal lawyer said, do not go in there because they will immediately classify all that information that allegedly you may have access to and then you're never show reporting on it. So, we went through our own journey. We don't have to get into that in this discussion, but there was a lot of stuff happening behind the scenes. But hurrah, hurray, congressional record, your report, which is misrepresented when Nancy May talked about it big time, but we're happy. We're happy. And I was stoked to have Michael Shelonburgger, who at that time I was like, this is great. He's going to um be a good ally moving forward and he's the right man for the job. Yeah. But bottom line, um, no matter the shenanigans involved, um, and how revealing that second hearing was about the control mechanisms in place about UAP, I was elated, and I think so were you, that without having to put your face out to the public and endure all that like you're doing and and going to experience now, your testimony got put on the congressional record. That was a big win. Yeah. There was a bit of a personal pleasure, too. We we I at the very least got to see uh someone else be scared for once. Who was scared? Not the bosses of the people who interfere in Congress, but the minions themselves, cuz their bosses didn't tell them what was going to happen. Can you dive a little deeper into that? Well, by all appearances, both behind the scenes and in front of them, uh the submission of this report onto the congressional record and its announcement caught people by surprise. its distribution was allegedly very tight and these uh unelected members on these congressional staffs that get to to set the agenda for our elected leaders uh had to scramble and adjust in real time. They panicked. See, having something on congressional record is different than just putting out a news report. News report goes away, one click, done. This is much bigger and I saw that too. So I I I it was a big move and it was probably was filled with pleasure to see it. It stirred [ __ ] up. Yes. You know, you said it before and I want to drill this home. At one time saying these words, putting these words in text, saying them over the phone, there was repercussion for that at one time. I understand it as I understand it as well. But so it gets published and I was stoked. I remember that day I went on a news show and I was like I had nothing. I didn't do it. Somebody put it out. I mean, you let me know that it was going to be public, but I was like I was like stoked to hear those words mentioned, but getting it on record, watching the tables turn was was filled with pleasure. Yeah. No long-term outcome, but this is a fight without many wins. So, okay, take the small personal pleasures. As this news travels, is there a blowback? Do you suddenly realize, hey, something might happen to me as a result of this getting out there? You're happy that it's finally there on the record, but then does that change uh over the days or weeks afterward? Not so much. Um I was definitely under no illusions at this point. Nothing would functionally change, but what mattered was, you know, adding new fuel to the fire to look what looked like was a a dying cause. Uh is there blowback for you personally? Does anybody call you and say you shouldn't have done that or does somebody figure out who you are? Is there an attempt to identify who you are? I'm sure there were attempts and I'm sure some of them were successful, but uh I mean I've been known to internal security undoubtedly since almost day one. You know, here's the deal. Um people misunderstand because it was misrepresented in Congress. This is not a a Pentagon paper, a product. You are the author of what the world knows as the Immaculate Constellation report. This is a report based upon a field report based upon your investigation what you've discovered trying to do the right thing bringing it to the people that need to see it because it was so hard even though they're asking for you to get it to them. So just to be really clear for the fundamentally for people immaculate constellation report what was submitted into Congress onto congressional record which we fought together to get that done is your words it it's not some government Pentagon report like it was misrepresented by Nancy Mason Congress. Not at all. Uh all my words um 100% uh authored by me. One of the striking things for me in kind of talking with you through this process most of just reading the final report that went on to congressional record. I mean you list and label um cuboid formation of metallic orbs. These are UFOs right? So fast mover observed transiting over satellite or sorry sensitive facilities. Um intelligence vessels positioned to collect on reproduction vehicle. Uh equilateral triangle UAP tails unwitting vessel. This one struck me. Large disc using clouds as concealment. And why that struck me is because George and I have been exposed to a lot over the years. And I I I think I know and other people know what you're referencing in here. It sounds like you watched a video. You said on US government networks there exist OPIR footage. What is it? Overhead persistent infrared. Um that might be a correction. That a satellite may not have been an OPR satellite after all. But this one um and and you keep going on a boomerang shape, jellyfish shaped, uh you know, tic tac shape. You you're not just making these words up like you saw visual evidence of these. Yeah. And and and so did how George Knap and I we have been exposed to um along the years a lot of visual evidence, but this one the the large disc um in the clouds. Just explain to me seeing something like that. Well, number one, it's pretty striking because you're watching it from Spinx. It's always cool to watch satellite beads. Um, and that's just something the general public doesn't get to see. Um, and then two, just the size of it. It was immediately like, whoa, what the hell is that? It was in, I assume, infrared, uh, either, yeah, black hot for that one. Uh, so the white clouds around it. And yeah, it's it's almost playful in its activities or like it was startled. Um, but it's one of those cases where I look at it and, you know, it looks like a flying saucer, but it might be one of the things that maybe that was actually one of ours. Um, in the wrong place at the wrong time. What do you mean it looks star? What does that mean? You know, it's just looking at an area over the ocean is what it appears. And this thing just comes trundling along from uh like underneath the cloud cover. Comes up and then right when it's like almost center frame, it scoots off to the side and like tries to get out of like it comes into us earlier and going, "Oops, I'm being somebody spotted me. I can get out of here." Exactly. That that it was visibly that's the the feeling it had. That was that was kind of haunting to me. I checked we checked uh when we were with some friends recently. Um I never know. We are not qualified to know if some of the things we've been exposed to are legitimate or not. But when I get confirmations like you describing this and other people we've just recently talked to, I know that footage exists. We've been exposed to it. And um I think that that's uh a nice piece to the puzzle for the public. Um what about jellyfish? H yeah. So I mean I only heard that term uh once it was released. uh similar stuff I had seen on the inside and it was often labeled like a floating brain or an organic or irregular shape. So that's why it's in there. Um so yeah, I've seen multiple instance of instances of irregular shaped things that look thematically similar to the jellyfish. Um I've never seen the jellyfish video itself. Um you have but seeing those uh you know there's an instance of there one in Southcom uh right at our border crossing what appears to be into United States airspace. Um let me get clear undetected from Mexico. I I I believe from me one way or another I I can't recall the compass orientation right now but I would assume into the US which is why it was interesting. Uh yeah let me get clear on a couple. Well, first of all, you know, people like yourself, you get, it's happened with Lazar, happened with Greg, like every word you say, you know, you're worried about if your memory isn't perfect this way or you've done a great job of really curating, making sure what you said is accurate. It's okay to make a mistake. It's okay to like not remember the exact equipment that did this or that in your brain. Just so um so you're saying the word jellyfish you first heard kind of when George and I released that thing into the public media. Jellyfish although it was described differently for different assets you've seen on servers that Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. that term was describing something I had seen before. Okay. Okay. But we just called the jellyfish because that's what it was told to us. They had two. Spaghetti Monster was our other option that was said to jellyfish works. But um that morphology or shape is something that uh consistently you had seen within these uh classified servers. Yes. In other contexts outside of the Middle East. Okay. You ever see any any videos where we're engaging with them? Either we're chasing them or war plananes or something or going after a disc, a saucer, an orb or something like that? So, I've seen videos and read reports of engagements uh but not live like we're not shooting them but engagements where you know either we are trying to intercept something um read lots of reports on that and from other countries as well trying to intercept these things. Um you know each report will have its own shape that they're chasing but guess what they are. Uh but then yeah uh uh when there's an example in there off the east coast of what would be classed as an engagement where we're up there protecting our airspace and encountering these things and interacting with them in uh in a way that we would consider hostile. If it was if it was anything else, you know, if if we had a Russian bomber patrol that had a fighter escort and they tried to box our fighters out, force them down from the wash, the the jet wash, you know, that would be a hostile engagement. Um, but for whatever reason, uh, you know, we're not describing it that way internally. So, we're sending a plane up to take a look. Yeah. Maybe get a better look or even some imagery, but not to engage, meaning shoot it down. shoot a sidewinder at it or something, right? I would, you know, I'm not going to be able to say that's never happened, but I have I have not seen them engaged uh yeah, with with weapons. Well, it recently happened and we became aware of one. Um more details on that I think we'll report on. And what happened was the missile quote bounced off and so they're trying to figure that out, but uh you know what does that imply? Like a field around it? I don't know. We also released one that was so embarrassing to release. We we had to call it looked like Kermit the Frog. I think we called it Syria Dome UAP. But the reason we released it cuz verified we uh tried to engage it. We tried to shoot it and I I believe we we hit it but we don't know the aftermath or what happened to that. We reported on that is actual information even though it looks so silly we had to report it cuz it's UAP. So from the recent event to that it brings me back to what you said George about the official orders back in Russia back in the day. Tell me that real quick again. So the Russian military that from 78 to 88 they had a standing order uh for the any every unit in this vast Soviet military empire. Any UFO or ball of light, flying saucer, anything weird in the sky, it had to all be investigated. And uh the guy who was in charge of that program at the Ministry of Defense said that there had been several dozen instances where they sent planes, war plananes to intercept these UFOs. and uh they mostly they couldn't keep up with them. They just poof, they're gone. But in three cases, they tried to engage and shoot them down. Three cases where those planes, the Russian war plananes crashed. Two of the pilots died. And after the second pilot died, they issued an order, leave them alone. Because in the words of the the commander of the Russian Air Force, they said they have incredible capacities for retaliation. So why so many shapes? Why do you think so many shapes? I used to think fly saucers were discs. I used to think UFOs were were fly off saucers. That's what I used to think. Now after knowing this guy for so long, reading all the reports, getting whistleblowers, talking with him, why so many shoots? I think part of it's um sometimes these might be, you know, made to purpose. Uh so, you know, if they're only making it for a specific use case scenario, they'll design it to excel on that mission. I guess we do that. We do that. Absolutely. We have bombers that look a certain way and then we have reconnaissance vehicles that look another way. I guess Star Wars, they have giant cruisers and they have the X fighters, you know, for different jobs. Would you be surprised to hear about cases where these things large objects come out of the ocean or go back into the ocean? Does that sound familiar? I would not be surprised. I I have not seen very large objects go in and out of the water, but I've definitely seen small to medium-sized UAPs either going into the water and disappearing or going in and out or coming out of the water. Fact. fact and on video and described uh there's a video and described uh any kind of change of inertia multiple videos any kind of we have also been exposed to some um let me ask you this any change of like any inertial effect any change of speed or motion it's like the water wasn't there it's like the gold for anybody wants to see I wonder if it's ever enough like is video ever enough like what is enough for people to wrap their heads that there's a real issue here I don't know I don't think one video is ever going to change. I want to talk to you about signals intelligence signant, right? That was a big part of your investigation. Can you explain that and why? Yeah. So, it was one of the sources where uh you know, we have a fantastic intelligent posture. Uh it's not as data heavy, so there's just it's just much easier to to move around and and access and read through quickly. Now, it's one of the shortest sections in there because uh in in my mind, you know, those are these are incidental collections, right? Yeah. Um I'm sure we are specifically collecting signals intelligence on this, but my uh research was not in those uh sort of data streams. vast majority is um accidental kind of capturing of exactly from of other countries, other militaries uh activities related to this and their observations related to this or sometimes historic things that we choir that happen to pop up in those in the sigant channels. Um yeah, so the reason there's less detail there though is we're using those every day. We rely on them a lot and they're very fragile, very sensitive and diplomatically sensitive as well. The things you're describing that you'd seen that are in this report are mostly things that are there's in the Pacific and the Atlantic, there's over Africa. They're foreign things of something coming over the border from Mexico. What about cases in the US? Is is NORAD is that just a black hole for these kind of images? It's so something that happens over our country, you don't even get to see it. Yeah, Northcom is a black hole. You need I mean just legislatively there's there's legal things keeping us the military and the IC supposedly from from looking at the states. That's supposed to be a domestic law enforcement uh mission in general. You got to have a very good reason to be looking at, you know, over your neighbor's fence. Basically, this is a I think it's, you know, it's functionally a a barrier to present prevent accidental or just curious people, you know, doing things they shouldn't uh in our home in our homeland, which would actually get them in trouble. It's one thing if we're doing it uh, you know, some foreign country. It's one thing if we're crossing the line and spying uh here uh without a specific mission. The complaint we hear from UFO world is I don't care about these blurry images. These things are blurry. The tic tac to me that was a fantastic image. You know there you're not sending Dave Fraver up and with an IMAX camera to make a movie. These are captured on sensor systems the same as like 2019 USS Omaha pitch black 100 miles off the coast of Southern California. They're picking up an image that they follow for an hour on a thermal camera. They're they're blurry, but they're amazing images. I mean, is there a reason that the public doesn't see um crystal clear movie quality images of UFOs? Yeah, I I think unfortunately it's um a product of our education system, a lack of curiosity in general about the world. Um there's a lot of arrogance in our academy and that arrogance filters down to our citizens. We know the world. We have it figured out. there's nothing really left to discover here. Uh, and I think in general there's so much misinformation, stigma, mythology that people grow up with that lead them to just automatically categorize any of this as as just uh, you know, false, fake, not real, misidentified, mundane. Yeah. Well, I mean, getting an image on a thermal camera 100 miles out to sea in total blackness is sounds pretty cool to me. That sounds like an amazing accomplishment. But is there are there additional reasons that have been maybe discussed behind closed doors uh force fields of some sort around these um craft that make things blurry even for a from a good camera image? Do you know? probably a very uh real explanation for why certain shapes um you know are are harder to observe than others. Um I think you know whether it's active camouflage and like the skin of the vehicle itself uh that definitely seems to be in play or a field like you describe. Um I've seen evidence of fields around crafts. Yeah, some things we've seen have looked so bizarre it makes no sense to my brain. Um, it is possible, we've heard that from a number of whistleblowers at different levels, that what you're seeing could just be a part of a greater structure, you know. Um, so it could be something like that speculating. We had this uh Chinese balloon thing that happened. Three different objects, UFOs, three UFOs shot down in a in a couple of week period. And then we we saw people use that uh the usual people in the media world who bash this stuff who tried to blame it on the UAP task force. The reason we're not NORAD is not looking for something like this because the UAP task force confused the whole situation. It's as if NORAD would only look for things that look like planes, bombers, or missiles. So we didn't look for UFOs. Um is it possible that we didn't look for UFOs because it didn't really want to find them? or is it we were looking for UFOs, it just the public and most of the government never saw. Um, we've always been seeing these things with things like radar. Um, so it's, you know, it's part of standard operating procedures to to deny this and to not uh acknowledge it. So, we've been seeing it. We're just pretending not to see it. Absolutely. are public institutions like the FAA or um similar in your even local context. It's uh not allowed to be discussed and there might even be technical measures in our in the technology of this place that just prevents it from even popping up on a screen right you know like the tic tac. So that happened for 2 or 3 weeks. They could get a little glimpse of it on these systems, really sensitive advanced Navy systems at the time, and then poof, it it fell off. At the USS Omaha, they had 12 or 14 of these things zipping in. You'd see them on the radar screen, and then poof. If they didn't want to be seen, we weren't seeing them. I I guess it could be that is part of an explanation. If they don't want to be detected on radar, they have ways to avoid radar, whoever they are. Yeah, that's a a dangerous dynamic to have willful ignorance on our side um and their capability to at least attempt to evade detection at any time on theirs. Um if we are so certain they are friendly, why is this a secret? Um I have one more. Yeah, drones. So 60 Minutes just did a big piece on drones. Langley Air Force Base had these things flying over it for 17 nights in a row. stayed in New Jersey for weeks at a time. Uh sensitive bases, restricted airspace at US, UK bases at in Britain for days and days. We can't track these things coming in. We can't track them when they leave. We can't shoot them down. We don't know where they're from. But don't worry, they're just drones. They're foreign surveillance drones. Give me your take on that whole situation. Well, if you're a member of the public and you are still listening to CNN, MSNBC, Fox News, or reading the New York Times, or the Wall Street Journal, all of that is controlled. It's propaganda. It is shaping your life narrative um intentionally. though. Uh, as for the government reactions to that, I was very disappointed to see a continuation of the dismissal of these events by the Trump administration's press secretary. Um, I can guess why they decided despite the campaign promise to immediately uh address that issue to not uh has to do with geopolitical situations we are currently involved in and the fact that we are living through a constitutional crisis uh related to this issue just seems to me that it is a worse thing to say these might be foreign surveillance drones and there's not a damn thing we can do about it. we don't we can't track them, we can't see them, we can't shoot them down, then it is to say these are genuine unknowns. You know, it seems like they're unknowns, not just something some drone that the Chinese are floating off off of New Jersey. Well, there's an infection in our security thinking, which is that, you know, we must they're primacists. They must be on top. To admit weakness is to admit defeat. And to say you don't know what something is is a pretty big signal of weakness. Um there's not much humility and a lot of arrogance driving I think these responses more so than any strategy. Yeah. We got just u I want to defend footage real quickly too. I got three things. I want to defend footage. Um there's a lack of education about what people are seeing in thermal. So first of all these are weapon systems. These aren't IMAX cameras. So, but they're kind of better than an IMAX camera cuz you can see in the [ __ ] dark. So, I think there's an education process and we've been trying with our reporting to teach people when you see something in thermal, what you're seeing is a heat signature and that heat signature represents that shape and you know of the heat. It it it's just a I think it's an education process. It has to come from curiosity, but people need to be told what they're seeing. It's new to a lot of people. It was new to me when I started seeing military videos for the first time. So in defense of grainy bad footage, people just need to understand what they're seeing to understand the impact if they're curious enough. Question like the all like any country in this world could disclose at this point a major country with technological development could disclose we are not alone in the universe. There are others. There's visitors who've been here a long time. Why? Why has everybody agreed to not say that to the public? Do you have any philosophies why? I think in the west this is the reaction and that's an important distinction. I cannot comment so much on why Russia or China uh have have not addressed this in a different way than us. But I think in the west and the five eyes alliance and its subsidiaries um you know there is a understanding at least uh that this is not talked about at official channels especially if you're a you know small kid on the block you uh you don't you don't speak out of turn. Um, but it it also points to, I think, the fact that this doesn't ultimately reside in the government anymore. This is held in an illegal internationalist regime, some sort of international cabal of sorts, mix of corporate, military, political, intelligence and criminal interests that have come together and they have um subverted us and have taken this and have made it the source of their wealth and power. So what astronaut Dr. Edgar Mitchell told me in one of the last films before he died, he used very similar words. Um, well, that doesn't make me feel good. Yeah. Well, he was sure of it. Um, you're a whistleblower, not a source to me and George. You know, you're a whistleblower. Um, you know, I want to we we do want to help. Um, are I always hear whistleblowers are scared and we know uh we know some people the same people, but there's a lot that have come to us that you don't know. Um, are you scared? Are you scared now coming forward? Are you scared? I mean it it comes in waves. Okay. Um so yes, but I make a conscious effort every day to not let fear rule my life and my deeds. So yes, I'm scared, but this is the right thing. It's the necessary thing. And um I was raised right. You think that by talking to us, it's possible that you might have some protection in that if somebody cuts your brake lines and you go off a cliff, at least there's going to be somebody looking into it and and raise some hell about it. You know, if that happens, don't try too hard. Uh focus on the mission. So, this is more about people need to know than about your personal well-being. Um any regrets now? I trusted too much and I did not trust myself enough. Took some uh I paid some prices and I do not doubt that there are the seeds for future uh costs I'll have to pay in the future. Describe for us the personal uh costs um the reality for you going forward, your outlook for ever working for the government again, for example, or in with a any kind of a job that requires a security clearance personal cut cost to your marriage, your personal life. Well, with the job with government, my career is dead. It has been dead for years now. Um I have a file on me. I will even if I went back in even even if I chose to never do any of this and just keep working, I predict that I would have found my career stunted mysteriously as soon as uh it would have sought to or would have sought to advance into what I thought was a noble mission. Um, personally, it's hard to describe. Um, you know that I've been doing this for about 4 years now. Only very recently have I had anyone to talk to um about it in in outside of like, you know, hey, can you make this meeting happen? Um, I've had no allies. That has changed. Um, it's been a very painful, costly process to find allies, but I have them. There's more of us. Mhm. This doesn't stop, right? You get to know some of these other whistleblowers who are still not public yet, correct? But who are at least close to coming forward? Yes. Is there strength in numbers then in that regard? Yes. And if all of us die or imprisoned, the seeds have been planted, more will come. Well, those seeds have been planted about deaths to in the whistleblower community that those stories circulate, I would imagine, pretty quickly among you and people you know. Yeah, but I'm still here. Do you think anybody has been killed because they knew too much on this topic? Yes, I believe and I think and I could probably help someone else prove it. Mhm. But lethal uh lethal action has been taken against people that tried to get the truth out. Or maybe we're just uh considered uh wild cards, unc not able to be efficiently controlled, no longer useful. I think once you taste the darkness, you like using it. They don't have to kill you. They could discredit you some way. Oh yeah. Manufacture something. Mhm. they they asked you to come forward and and you even felt that you had a small piece to the puzzle and you weren't even sure if it was worth it and then you do that and that what you suffer as the consequences against your career. There's other things we're not saying that we suspect are related to you coming forward. Um God, that's got to hurt, man. That's got to be painful. They've asked you to come forward and you tried all the ways to do that. We had to go to a little bit extreme measures to to get the rest going. It's got to be painful. Yeah, it is. I don't think it'll stop being um although hopefully time is its own salve. Mhm. I'd like to spend that time with my wife, my family, not in a cell or in the ground, but you know, this is bigger than me. It's bigger than us. This is the fate of our people. And to me, um I'm willing to pay that price. Is it ironic you have to put your face out with us to protect yourself at that at this point? That's what we're doing, right? Yeah, that's what we're doing. This is absolutely what I uh did not want to do. I know. I can attest to that. This is not This is exactly what you did not want to do. Correct. Have you gamed it out in your head what happens next? What will likely be assuming we go forward with this interview and make it public? And that right now we don't know that that's the case. But when it comes out, if it comes out, um what happens to you then? What are the risks? Well, gaming it out. There's more than me. More will come. I could say more if I wanted to. Um, hopefully this rises to a level of public attention that demands it be addressed in a serious way. I can't cause that alone. Other people will, but more need to come. And I think at this point, I'd like to say directly to the members of our military and our intelligence community, the time is now where you must choose whether you honor your oath or your orders. And if you have courage, you already know the answer. But for the rest of you, lead follower, get out of the way. Get out of the way. We know people are coming forward and we know we've recorded George and I with other people who will be coming forward, you know, so you're not alone. Mhm. But um you say you could say more. Just explain that. When I wrote this document, I've kind of given my state of mind and the measures I took to protect it. I'm also, you know, uh familiar with ways that information can be extracted that passwords and encryption don't matter. Um so I didn't write everything down. So there are other bullets left to fire if you needed to. Yeah, the, you know, talk about things getting lost in the shelf. I highly doubt many members of the public uh read 11 pages, much less the first. Um, but at the end, uh, there's this interesting area. People might notice that it's out of order, too. Things are, uh, sequentially out of order. There's missing sections. Mhm. And that one of that last sections, it says sensitive sources from mouth to ear. Mhm. We talked we talked about keeping that in or or what to how far to go with what does that mean? Well, exactly what it says. Those words were only spoken from my mouth to another's ear. What is it like to have um absolute knowledge that not only UFOs are are real, that we've been hiding that, that our government has controlled that information away from human the the base human population um and that there is another intelligence that is engaging humanity straight up. What what does that feel like being one of the people that knows that and doesn't suspect that? Uh it's weird going to the supermarket. Okay. Uh even more it's bizarre to work in government and see legions of people who have no clue about about any of this and no clue that they are being deceived. Why should people believe you? I mean, I know I know you. I know what we've been through, but that's not public stuff to everybody. Every step we've taken. Why should people believe what you're saying? I was there. I saw it. I spent years researching it. Um, if all that I'm consulting is passage material, then we are engaged in a massive deception uh against our own military and intelligence community that I was uh a victim of uh and on a and it would have been on a scale that probably would have been its own news story. Oh, absolutely. Nonsensical madness. Yeah. So, so as a human being, why should people believe you? Well, as a human being, I feel like I'm I'm genuine, putting myself out there, sacrificing my future, my past and a lot of what I have now to do this for no gain. Yeah. You're getting nothing from us. We're just reporting because it's an important story and you're telling it because it's true. Absolutely. It is. Um, it is true. And I can't think of anything more pressing for our nation to come to terms with than the fact that we have been deceived and our rights taken away to protect the privileges of an elite few. You're not I am not going to I am not going to live my life knowing that I could have helped prevent another generation of America and humanity from living in ignorance. So let's just separate you know for our audience and people kind of meeting you for the first time. So there's certain stuff you were exposed to in an official capacity that you've come to conclusion on and that you know to be correct know to be true. Then there are extrapolations and philosophies and ideas from other types of sourcing of information and we can talk about that kind of in a separate realm and I value your opinion. And I think people will too because of your exposure to certain things you're saying and not saying. Okay. But um if we're talking just about our ideas now you have thoughts about big picture stuff who they are. Um is it more than one they uh is it us from the future ETS interdimensionals? Do you think there's anybody in government who knows? And and if you if they do know, is there any reason why this should say stay secret? At least some of it should stay secret that the public cannot handle. No. The only reason for secrecy is fear and greed. And that is the paradigm that we must confront and overcome. As for the public and what their reaction might be to this information, good, bad, indifference, I think we already have our answer. It's going to be indifference. Mhm. Unless the uh the stakes are made clear. You're an absolutist. You like rip the band-aid off. There's no band-aid. There's no wound. Mhm. This is not about protecting, healing. This is about power and control. This isn't about trying to save what's good. It's about getting rid of what's evil. Power and control meaning controlling the technology and what it would mean. Those are just means controlling humanity, everything. Um, do you suspect that there are reverse engineering programs? there have been crashes that there are attempts to replicate that technology. You got hints of it in the ARV or RV. Yeah. That we're trying to build what these things can do. Do you think we've done it that we've accomplished it? somebody. Yeah, I think uh I think we've absolutely replicated some of these capabilities in inferior forms and often times maybe disagregated from what was at once a unitary system, but we're only able to do a small part what that system does. We've seen people say they think that the tic tac is something we had 21 years ago. And I'm wondering, well, where the hell is it? I mean, if we have this technology, we've done some of it to get even inferior versions of it. Is that something that's going to be incorporated into the US military arsenal or is it something that's outside of it that's controlled by somebody who's not using it for national defense? I think the US military might be allowed to use some of this technology in the national defense, but I don't think they ultimately have control over it. you know, this is a kind of arms race. It's a technology race. Um, whoever gains the ability to effectively weaponize this, they win. We know that um UFOs due to the propulsion systems are a matter of national security and weapons of mass destruction. And we we know that. We don't think that. We've met with people that deal with that, right? Do you agree with that? Do you think that this is we are in a race with China and Russia? There's other countries competing to to weaponize this and do you think that's a problem because you've dealt with weapons of mass destruction in your official career. I think uh deterrence, strategic deterrence has migrated out of uh sorry has evolved from being um relying on nuclear weapons as the pinnacle. Mhm. Um I believe we have and others have developed the means to uh maybe utilize nuclear reactions to create some very uh dangerous effects through directed energy. Your concern is directed energy weaponry among many among many as uh but when it comes to WMDs and relations to this technology I think we have been successful in um both deriving new science Mhm. that we have then suppressed Mhm. to pre preserve a strategic advantage. And uh I think I probably don't want to talk too much more about deterrence. Somebody uh was flying these things that crashed. Somebody built these things that are being reverse engineered. Who's that somebody? And why don't why don't they come forward? I mean, you you know, you may not have seen that in a document or a file or something somewhere, but you've thought about it. You're a smart guy. What are your thoughts on the big picture questions? Who are they? Why are they here? Why don't they show us what's going on? I think I have a good degree of confidence that the reason they're here is us. I think life, especially sentient life, it's a precious thing. Um, and I think to some it might be a resource. I think humanity to some level is a resource for them. Like a commodity, possibly a commodity, possibly form of entertainment, possibly medical related. Think they live here? Yes. For all intents and purposes, always. I don't know about always, but it certainly appears that they have been here for most of recorded history. At least some element of this has been here for most of human recorded history. You think we would see them if they didn't let us see them even with our more advanced sensors that they pop up, but they can also disappear and uh do they allow us to get these glimpses? Is that a game of some sort, I wonder? Or an education process? A bizarre one that I could not understand if it is a game. I think uh they're both just as powerful as we think but also less. And I think there is there is not a single they here. Multiple multiple certainly multiple factions of the same species if not multiple species and all the complexity that brings which might be our best hope. Do do they have an agenda? There's different types. You know what what are your philosophies on this? Like who are the others? Why are they here? And you you've touched upon it. And I know we're kind of going back a little bit, but that is the big question and I just wanted to separate so people understand your exposure and your personal conclusions. So I have been exposed to no direct information on the anatomy, biology, intentions, culture, politics. Never came across those files. never came across those. I think those are all some of the deepest secrets, right? They would be if this is correct information. Mhm. Um what I have learned is that we live in a dream, a carefully constructed reality. We make use of a science that is tightly controlled and suppressed and distorted. I think we are left behind humans. I think normies the normal humans the people have been left behind us. Us. Mhm. People need to understand that we might have freedom of speech but that has been subverted. We do not have freedom of inquiry. We are blocked from learning what we need to know just in the public world. We are blocked from advancing in science. We are taught false science intentionally to prevent us from learning more. We live in the matrix. It's just much more boring than the movie. I think about whistleblowers like yourself. You're about to find out, assuming we release this, you're about to find out what the price is for coming forward. And there are other people in the same kind of position who are wondering what they should do who are basically being held in limbo. They've worked in classified uh programs their whole life. That's what they do. That's what pays their bills and they're held in limbo and that's held over their heads so they don't come forward. And they're debating uh um taking the same steps as you. There is no hope or help for anything like folks like that. Is there I mean we've heard promises we'll help whistleblowers come forward. will give them support. There are private equity funds and and organizations that say they're going to help, but we haven't seen [ __ ] so far, have we? And have you? No, I've reached out directly to uh institutions that claim that they are here to help UAP whistleblowers specifically both in the process of coming forward and any sort of stability afterwards. It's been radio silence. Um at best, at worst. uh one of those institutions has stolen my information. Um there is no organized help for whistleblowers. It is all controlled. It is all at either the special interest of industry that wants to get in on this or by the existing powers that be intelligence agencies who have infiltrated or created these things. Correct. I I have directly experienced that sadly, you know, over this last year, which is um the vacuuming up of intelligence on people such as yourself who are trying to do the right thing as whistleblowers as well as anything that reporters could possibly obtain and release. And it is a treacherous um moment in our history of this. You did a call to action to people. You told them this, you know, it's time, you know, move forward. I know that you had some encouragement with David Grush. I hope people are encouraged, you know, also by you. Um, it look man, if if if you were to die tomorrow because of whatever reason, what do you want people to know right now? Like, what do you want people to know if you're just like [ __ ] gone? You are not free. And this reality has far more to it than you have been allowed to believe. And God is real. 